Lou Seal is the mascot for the team that last won the World Series when?
Where did the "Country Nation World Tour" concert artist go to college?
What is the predominant religion where the leader is Ovadia Yosef?
What country bordering France contains an airport that serves Nijmegen?
The national anthem Afghan National Anthem is from the country which practices what religions?
Which nation has the Alta Verapaz Department and is in Central America?
Which man is the leader of the country that uses Libya, Libya, Libya as its national anthem?
What educational institution has a football sports team named Northern Colorado Bears is in Greeley, Colorado?
What language is spoken in the location that appointed Michelle Bachelet to a governmental position speak?
What type of government is used in the country with Northern District?
In which countries do the people speak Portuguese, where the child labor percentage was once 1.8?
The people from the country that contains Nord-Ouest Department speak what languages today?
What actor played the a kid in the movie with a character named Jenny's Father?
What European Union country sharing borders with Germany contains the Lejre Municipality?
When was the last time a team led by Larr Baer win the World Series?
What year did the basketball team coached by Brad Stevens win the championship?
What country speaks Germanic languages and uses the East German mark as currency?
Which globe region with the UTC−05:00 time zone does the Dominican Republic call home?
What was the name of the team that won the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup Final championship?
Which of JFK's brother held the latest governmental position?
What group fought in the Battle of Vicksburg that was based in Montgomery?
Which country that is situated in the ASEAN Common Time Zone has the largest population?
What popular sport in Spain has a team that won the 2010 FIFA World Cup championship?
Which movie with a character called Ajila was directed by Angelina Jolie?
WHat movies have the actress who is an alumni for West Reading El Ctr a part of?
For what did the personage who was educated at the Dewitt High School win a gold medal?
Where did Tennessee Williams go to college where the newspaper is "The Maneater"?
Who is the daughter of the artist who had a concert tour called I Am... World Tour?
What are the governmental types in the country whose national anthem is Tien Quan Ca?
Copenhagen is the capital of which German neighboring country?
Which of team owners Tom Hicks sports team are in the American League West?
What colleges did the famous person who went to Castlemont High school go to?
What movie with the character Teklel Hafouli did Ron Howard do?
In the nation that has the Badakhshan province, what religions are practiced?
Who was the governor of Arizona in 2009 that held his governmental position before 1998?
What does the Missouri River bisect in the Central Time Zone?
Who was the governor of Ohio in 2011 that was in the government prior to 3-1-1983?
Which of the seven Central American countries had co2 emissions per capita once of 2009 metric ton?
What team that has a mascot named Mariner Moose is in the American League West?
What religion is practiced in Indonesia and has a sacred site of Mecca?
Which location in the Anadyr Timezone has the biggest population?
Of the four regions which make up the United Kingdom, which is the country that includes the location, Down District Council?
What is the most recent event in which the sports team owned by James L. Dolan won the championship?
What's the currency of the country that includes the location of Buenos Aires?
What year did the team with mascot named Lou Seal win the World Series?
In the film with teh character named Winged Monkey #7, who played Dorothy?
Who holds the position of Prime Minister in the country which contains Dire Dawa?
Where is the state with the capitol of Frankfort located?
What stadium does the team with mascot named Hank play at?
Where is the home stadium of the team who won the 1946 World Series championship?
People from the country that contains Nord-Est Department speak what  languages today?
In which US county is the TV program NBC Nightside filmed in?
What museum established before 1971 is there to see in Vienna, Austria?
Where was the artist that had This Summer Tour raised?
What major US religions has a religious organization named Tamil Nadu Thowheed Jamath?
A person who once lived in Mansfeld would have what profession?
Who was the vice president of the President who attended Ramble Elementary School?
What year did the MLB franchise owned by Bill Neukom win the world series?
Santo Domingo is the capital of the country with what currency?
What Portuguese speaking country imported form Brazil?
Who was the US President during WW2 that held his government position from 3-4-1933?
What languiages are spoken by residents of the Central Western Time Zone?
What TV series that had 3 episodes was Kim Richards in?
The Daily Cardinal is the school newspaper at which university that Russell Wilson attended?
When did the team with Crazy crab as their mascot win the world series?
What movie was Taylor Swift in that had a character named Once-ler?
What is considered modern in the country where Bilady, Bilady, Bilady language is the national anthem?
What does the religion who worships in Barcelona Cathedral call their God?
What educational institution with men's  sports team named Wisconsin Badgers did Russell Wilson go to?
What country  that appointed Liberal Government of New Zealand to governmental position is an Oceania territory?
What languages are spoken in the country that has national anthem La Dessaliniene?
What educational institution with Le Delit Francais newspaper did Charles Drew attend?
What country do they speak Portuguese where the GDP real adjusted value was once 100349905926?
What is the birthplace of the artist that went on The Avril Lavinge Tour?
The person educated at Chase Lane Primary School played for what team in 2011?
What location appointed Dennis Daugaard to governmental position and is bisected by the Missouri River?
In what stadium does the team who is owned by William DeWitt, Jr. play?
What country located in the Greenwich Mean Time Zone that is the main trading partner of China?
Which of the seven Central American countries uses the United States Dollar currency?
What movies did the person who went to William O. Schafer Elementary School direct?
What is there to see in Mountain Time Zone near the Grand Canyon?
In which years have the baseball club that claimed victory in the 1988 World Series won the World Series?
The person who attended education institution in East Whittier Elementary School died where?
What film with character Luke Castelland does Logan Lerman play in?
Rise is the mascot for the team which won the Super Bowl in what year?
Mike Johanns was elected governor of what area that is bisected by the Missouri River?
Which popular sports team in Spain, that won the 2014 Eurocup Finals championship?
What organization led by Bentley B. Rayburn?
What Caribbean countries use the East Caribbean dollar currency?
What country does Turkey trade with that contains the Annaba Province?
What type of religiong with a religious sacred site of Lumbini is in the United States?
What stadium does the champion of the 1931 World Series Championship play at?
Where was the main artist featured in the Rihanna: Live in Concert Tour raised?
What are the school colors of Harvard Art Museum?
What is the mascot of the organization with the person named Eric F. Spina?
The country that contains Alta Verapaz Department uses what money?
What team did Payton Manning's father play for that has a mascot named Viktor the Viking?
Which country that once had a CPI inflation rate of -1.61 speaks Portuguese?
What country that once had the CPI inflation rate at -1.56 percent do people speak Portuguese?
Mary is a notable figure in which religion that is observed in Indonesia?
What part is the country with the capital named Santo Domingo?
What educational institution with the mascot named Washington University Bear did Tennessee Williams go to?
Who founded New York University, which held his governmental position from after 1795-03-04?
Which was the earliest President during WW2 in the United States?
Which movies has the individual who attended The Wyndcroft School appeared in?
What to see in the country that has Gozo?
What country did the person who went to B Steyr control?
Who are the founders of the educational institution where the sports team NYU Violets Men's Basketball plays?
Who is the leader of the country that has national anthem Allhu Akbar?
The person who attended education institution Bundesrealgymnasium Linz controlled what country?
What religion with notable figure Athanasius of Alexandria is in the United States?
What religion that is practiced in the United States has The Bible as its religious text?
Which religion practiced in Afghanistan has a place of worship known as Ibrahim Mosque?
What's the currency used in the country where the Jamaican dollar as money is called?
What country uss the Swiss Franc as currency and shares a border with Germany?
What are official colors of the champion of Super Bowl XXX?
What happened to the person who went to BRG Steyr at the end of the war?
Who are the main trading partners of China that use the Lao Kip as its currency?
What all is there to do for fun in the nation represented by the anthem L-Innu Malti?
Which of JFK's brothers held his governmental position before November 6, 1962?
Who did the voice of character Kovu?
Where does the Ireland team that won the 2003 Rugby World Cup championship play?
What Hollywood studio produced the American Gladiators TV movie?
What countries are in the location that contains Terekti District?
What is the currency used in the country of Brazil?
What popular Spanish sport has a basketball team with head coach Joan Plaza?
What educational institution with football sports team named Temple Owls  did Kevin Hart go to?
What are the official languages of used in the country that uses Ukrainian Hyrvnia?
Which type of religions practiced in the United States, where the religion place of worship is called, Candi Laras?
If you are visiting a country and in the San Pedro De Marcois Province, what form of currency would you spend?
What country in the Caribbean contains Saint Michael Parish?
Who founded the college where Lindsay Zir is a grad student?
Of the major religions in the United States, which has the religion place of worship of  Candi Laras?
Which Canadian Province was the locatiuon for the TV show the Lottery?
What are the religions in the area whose major exports are from fruit and tree nut farming?
What colors do the school where Donald Stanley Marshall is a grad student use?
What is the currency used in the country of Guatemala?
What educational institution with the Cherwell newspaper did JRR Tolkien go to?
What region is the country whose national anthem is Brabançonne located in?
Which nation is a major trading partner with China and has the Malagasy ariary as its unit of currency?
Holding his governmental position from earliest, who founde New York University?
The person who attended Heritage Elementary School has been in what movies?
In what year did mascot Poe's team win the Super Bowl?
Who is governor of the place that contains part of the Uinta Mountains?
Which nation uses the CFP Franc as currency and is located in Oceania?
What movie was directed by the person who attended education institution  El Rodeo School?
When was the last World Series won by team owner Bill Neukom's sports team?
What form of currency is used in the country that observes the national anthem titled L'Abidjanaise?
What Portuguese=speaking country had the net migration number of -10000?
What state, that the Colorado River flows through, appointed Bruce Babbitt to a governmental position?
What country in Central America appointed Otto Pérez Molina to a governmental position?
Who is the prime minister of the country that has national anthem March Forward, Dear Mother Ethiopia?
Who was the Arizona's Governor in 2009 who also suffered with Breast cancer?
What team's mascot is name Hank?
What educational institution with men's basketball sports team named Temple Owls did Kevin Hart go to school?
What college with men's basketball sports team named UMKC Kangaroos did Harry S. Truman attend?
What educational institution with The Temple newspaper did Kevin Hart go to?
The country that contains Africa Proconsularis has what political system ?
What currency is used in the country with Rio de Janeiro?
What type of government is used in the country with Bac Lieu Province?
What states does the Colorado River run through in the Mountain Time Zone?
In which years did the team that has Magic Johnson among its ownership claim victory in the World Series?
Which State's capital is Denver and the Colorado River runs through it?
In what year did a team win the superbowl and the 2013 AFC Championship Game ?
On what radio station in New York City would you find an organizational leader named Gary Knell?
When did the team led by Larry Baer win the World Series?
What Indonesia religion believes in the Virgin birth of Jesus?
The person who attended the education institution Colegio Alemán Alexander von Humboldt did what kind of paintings?
Who held his governmental position from December 12, 1808 and was Governor of Ohio in 2011?
What is the name of the state that has the elected official Jan Brewer and also has the colorado river flow through it?
The capital of Cheyenne has who as governor of US state?
Who is the current head coach of the NFL squad owned by the Rooney family?
What college in Greeley, Colorado has a sports team called the Northern Colorado Bears?
Who was the governor in 2010 of the state that appointed Bruce Babbitt?
What Superbowl was won by the team with the "Baltimore Fight Song"?
What is the country that has national anthem Valiant Quisqueeyans a part of?
What is the home field of the sports team whose mascot is named Fredbird?
What Portuguese-speaking country's minimum wage was 356.72?
What actor played a kid in the film with a character named Veteran at War Rally?
Stelly McBeam is the team mascot for the sports team with who as head coach?
In what countries is Portugese spoken and has A Portuguesa as its national anthem?
Who are brothers of the individual who was educated at Edward Devotion School?
The country with the national anthem Bilady, Bilady, Bilady required what currency in 2013?
What geographic regions is the country that has the San Pedro De Marcos province considered a part of?
The country that contains Krasnodar Krai uses what type of currency?
Who was the Governor of Ohio that held his position from before 1-10-2011?
On what other date did the team won the 2010 World Series championship win the World Series?
What is the most predominant religion in the country Benjamin Netanyahu holds a governmental position?
What religion in Afghanistan that worship in the mosque?
What does the religion that believes in Transubstantiation call their God?
Where is Rome, Italy, and is a place that once had a population of 4,327,642?
What movies did the artist that had the concert tour called the Taylor Swift Fears 2009 Tour play in?
When is the last time the team whose mascot is called Crazy Cab win the World Series?
The location that appointed Dmitry Medvedev to governmental position uses what kind of money?
Which diety is worshipped in the holy place of Santa Cecilia in Trastevere?
Which movie has a character named Margie and featured Kim Richards as an Actor?
Which countries with a currency of Swiss Franc do people speak Germanic languages?
What major US religion has a notable figure named Athanasius of Alexandria?
What money is used in the Ancash Region?
What type of currency is used in the country with national anthem Swiss Psalm?
What European Union country's people speak Portuguese also once had an energy usage record of  per capita in KGOE 1022.464?
What movie was Miley Cyrus in with a character named Theresa Russo?
What other Superbowls did the champion of the 1934 NFL Championship game win?
Who was the vice president of the person who went to St. John's Catholic Elementary School?
When did the sports team whose fight song is "The Baltimore Fight Song" win the Super Bowl?
What type of government is run in the area that is under the Heard and McDonals Islands Time Zone?
In which year was the Super Bowl won by the sports team whose fight song was Seven Nation Army?
What country does Japan export to that contains the Phoenix Islands?
Which of the 7 Central American Countries is in the Central Time Zone?
Where in the Greenwich Mean Time Zone is Belgium located?
Which system of money is utilized in the country that includes, Santiago de Cuba Province?
Who governed the US state which includes the city of Phoenix during 2009?
What do the people who worship at places including Cathedrals call their god?
What art style was done by the person who lived at Le Chateau-Cambresis?
What religion practiced in Afghanistan has a sacred site in Jesusalem?
What museum established earliest can be seen in Vienna Austria?
People from the country that contains Corfu speak what language?
Who married to the person who lived in Downe, Kent?
What are the school colors of the educational institution that includes a grad student named Franklin Ford?
What Asian country has Seoul as its capital city?
South Holland is located in the nation where which languages are spoken?
The country that contains Al Sharqia Governorate's best for of currency in 2013 was what?
Where are the headquarters of the United Nations Security Council?
Who was JFK's brother and held a governmental position from 1961?
A person who was once born in Gingins was born where?
The person who lived in Narym in the past was the leader of which nation?
What is the name of the mascot by the university which inlcudes Syracuse University Orange Football?
What film has a character named Kate and Taylor Lautner played in?
Which person held a government post from 1973-12-02 and established New York University?
What country do they speak Portuguese and where they appointed José Manuel Barroso to a governmental position?
Who did Nate Robinson play for that had Rocky the Mountain Lion as a mascot?
What office did John Adams hold from May 10, 1775 before he was President?
What Portuguese speaking country that uses Central African CFQ Franc?
What languages are spoken in El Seibo Province's country?
What other years did the champion of the 1957 NBA Finals win the Championship?
What is Syracuse University Athletic's mascot?
What do the people who worship at Titular Church call their God?
Which of JFK's brothers held governmental position from before January 3, 1965?
What basketball team in Spain is Pablo Laso head coach for?
The country that contains Basel-Stadt uses what type of money?
The land that holds the Gilbert Islands also gets Japan exports is called what?
With a mascot named Rocky, which team does Nate Robinson play for?
What museum in Vienna that was established in 1891?
What is the type of currency that one is advised to bring when visiting the nation where the Red Sea Governorate 2013 was located?
What language is spoken in the country whose capital is Nicosia?
Which nation has a capital city of South Tarawa and has good exported from Japan?
Where in the Central European Time Zone was the Roman Empire centered?
What film directed by Angelina Jolie is the flick that includes the role of Maida?
What religion holds sacred the place called Mecca and is observed in Afghanistan?
What European Union country within the  Atlantic Time Zone shares borders with Germany?
What is the official language where Filaret is the religious leader?
The country with San Jose as its capital uses what as its currency?
People from the location that appointed Margrethe II of Denmark to governmental position speak what languages?
What's the Dominican Republic a part of, where the location time zone is the Central Time Zone?
The country with the National Anthem Argentine National Anthem use what currency?
William Morris is religions head in which region that is part of the United Kingdom?
What is the birth place of the artist that had The Best Damn World Tour?
Who founded the school where William J. Taverner is a grad student?
What is the modern language where Anwar Sadat holds a government position?
What location that appointed Mikheil Saakashvili to governmental position is a country in Eastern Europe?
Which artist with a concert tour named FutureSex/LoveShow did Scarlett Johansson date?
Where is Whistler Mountain located in the Eastern Time Zone?
The person who once lived in Benerville-sur-Mer once dated what person?
What country once had a consumer price index of 0.03 and is where people speak Portuguese?
What country do people speak Portuguese where the long term unemployment rate is 15.5?
Who were the governors of Arizona in 2009 that held the position form 1-6-2003?
Where did the famous person who went to Horace Mann School for the Deaf die?
What countries use The New Zealand dollar and have territories in Oceania?
What nation was a notable person who once lived in Solvychegodsk in charge of?
Which team that plays in the American League West claimed the championship of the 1989 World Series?
Which Univeristy based organiation has the current leadership position of leadership role of Interim Chancellor mascot?
What religion includes a chapel as a aprt of their worship and has a practicing population in Indonesia?
What does the religion whose figure is Mary call God?
Which team did Peyton Manning 's father play for, where the sports team owner is Rita Benson LeBlanc?
What is the spoken language in the country that used Haitian gourde as its currency?
What Portuguese speaking country has the minimum wage of 371.27?
Who played the character Dorothy in the movie that has a character named Lollipop Guild Member #7?
What languages are used in the country with national anthem There is a Lovely Country?
What continent is the country in the Eastern Time Zone that Falkland Island belong to located in?
Which sports team owned by Stan Kroenke did Nate Robinson play for?
What country in Oceania is located in the Casey Time Zone?
Which magazines was the person who at one time resided in Fordham employed by?
What country do people speak Portuguese and has an electricity consumption per capita of 1007.923 kilowatt per hour?
Gilbert Islands is in which Oceania country?
Who is the current head coach of the team the uses the song title "Fight Polka"?
What caribbean countries once had co2 emissions of 1961 metric tons?
What is the government type where "Ardulfurataini Estan" is the national anthem?
What business did the person who designed Plum Orchard excel in?
What is the state's flower of the state that have Honolulu County in it?
What currency is used in the country with Sacatepéquez Department?
In the film that has a charcter named Final Club Girl #1, who did Armie Hammer play?
What educational institution with sports team named Oxford University Ice Hockey Club did JRR Tolkien go to college?
What country bordering France that is in the Western European Time Zone?
What is the currenty language is spoken in the country that had the Red Sea governorate language?
Who is a main trading partners of China that appointed Abdelaziz Bouterflika to a governmental position?
What years was the World Series won by the 2010 World Series champions?
Dean L. Bresciani is part of the organization with what mascot?
Which continent includes the country that is home to the city of New Providence?
What team that won the Super Bowl XLIV and once had Payton Manning's father on its roster?
What countries are in the Atlantic Time Zone in the Caribbean?
Mae Hong Son Province is located in the country that speaks which languages?
What is the mascot of the North Dakota State Bison Men's basketball team?
What currency is used in the country with Nobel Patria, tu hermosa as its national anthem?
What country with a GDP Growth Rate Percentage of -0.008502 once do people speak Portuguese?
Who is the illustrator of the book Feu de joie and the person who influenced Jackson Pollock's work?
Pernambuco is from the country with what type of money?
What Portuguese speaking country that had consumer price index of 0.05?
Where is Belgium located in the Moscow Time Zone?
What did the person who lived in Marin City once do?
What university with a sports team named Oxford University RFC did JRR Tolkien go to?
Saint Ann Parish is located in the country using what kind of money?
What religions are practiced in the nation where you'd find Herat Province?
What are the languages used for communication in the region where the time zone is Heard and McDonald Islands Time Zone?
Who is the prime minister of the country that has Loma?
Where with a population once of less than 5732212 is Rome, Italy located?
When was the last championship won by the 1970 NBA Finals Champions?
In what years did Stan Kasten's organization win the World Series?
What is the political system in the country that uses the Brazilian Real currency?
What country with the capital of Hagåtña is in Oceania?
What are official team color of the champion of Super Bowl VI?
What did the famous person who went to Seaforth Elementary School do?
What Portuguese-speaking nation has a foreign direct investment net inflow of -100816373?
What text in the religion which includeZhang Jue as a key figure is considered to be sacred?
What city is home for Lauren Conrad and had a mayor named Willie Brown?
Which Super Bowls has Steve Tisch's sports teams won?
Who held his governmental position from before Janaury 6, 2003 and was the 2009 Governor of Arizona?
Which film with Idi Amin as a character did Kim Richards appear in?
When was that last time the champion of the 2012 World Series win the World Series?
Where do the 1995 NBA Finals champions play?
In film that has a charcter named World Security Council Member #3, who is playing Hawkeye?
What's the major language spoken at the location that appointed Antonis Samaras, to a governmental position?
What style of art is used by the illustrator of the book Jazz?
What major religion in the US has Lumbini as a sacred site?
People from the country that contains The Hague speak what language?
Who was the Governor who appointed Jan Brewer to a government position in 2009?
Which money types are the currency employed in the country that uses the Cuban convertible peso?
What country contains Hawke's Bay and is the main trading partner of China?
What Superbowls did the team owned by John Mara win?
What type of religion in the United States has the Kushinagar sacred site?
Where is the city that hosted the 1960 Summer Olympics located?
In the film with the character named Benito Ramirez, who plays Stephanie Plum?
What is the capital city of the country with the National Anthem Aegukga?
What is the political system in the place that contains an airport that serves Duisburg?
Where does Lauren Conrad live that appointed Dianne Feinstein to a governmental position?
What team with fight song Bow Down to Washington did Nate Robinson played for?
What major religion in the United States has Kushinagar as a religious sacred site?
WHat religions have a pacticing population in the United States and inlcude Samsara as a part of their belief system?
What kind of money is used in the country where the Puntarenas Province can be found?
Where did the person who went to Statford Northwestern Secondary school grow up?
What is the mascot of the educational institution that has a sports team named the North Dakota State Bison?
What are the official languages spoken where Sviatoslav Shevchuk is a religious leader?
What TV movie was Miley Cyrus in that has 1 episode?
Who was the illustrator of the book Alcools and influenced Jackson Pollock 's work?
Hagåtña is the capital of what country with territories in Oceania?
Which stadium did Ireland play in where it won the World Cup Championship in rugby in 1995?
What college did Paul Ryan attend that has a team Miami RedHawks men's basketball?
What is the location where the individual who attended Eli Whitney High School brought up?
Which unit was a combatant in the Battle of Vicksburg and used Southern States Confederate Currency as its unit of currency?
WhatWhat English speaking country north of Australia in the southern pacific is one of China's main trading partners of china?
What movie with character named Ben Dunham #2 has Charlie Nunnam been in?
What team has a mascot named Fred the Red?
The country that contains Cao Bang has what type of governent today?
In which timezone is the region where Jim Edgar was named to a post in the government?
Who is the leader of the country that has Colón Province?
The country that contains Ardabil Province has what present form of government?
In what country with Portugese spoken in it has the market cap of list companies as percent of gdp been 10.51?
What country that uses the Australian dollar does Japan export to?
The location that appointed Ollanta Humala to governmental position uses what type of money?
To what continent does the nation where the Falkland Islands pound is used as money?
What was the last World Series won by the team whose mascot is Lou Seal?
Before the Euro, what was the currency where Louis-Eugene Cavaignac was appointed to governmental position?
What museum that opened later than 1891 should I visit when I go to Vienna, Austria next year?
What college did President Kennedy attend that has a sports team Princeton Tigers men's basketball?
What form of government is in the country that uses the Iranian Rail and was established in 1979?
Which nation is the person who attended Gori Church School the leader of?
Which portuguese speaking country is home to Anren Town, Sichuan?
What is the type of government where the Haifa District is?
What basketball team with head coach Brian Shaw did Nate Robinson play for?
What years did the team with the mascot named Lucky the Leprechaun won the Championship?
Team owner Wyc Grousbeck last won the Championship when?
Who's the king of the country, that has the national anthem of Nokor Reach, currently?
Which country does Japan Export to, where the country capital is in Khartoum?
Where did the famous person who went to Al-Thager Model School got killed?
What NFL Team did Peyton Manning 's father play for also won the 2010 NFC Championship Game?
People from the country that contains Greenland speak what languages?
What team with team mascot named Sir Saint did Peyton Manning's dad play for?
The country with the capital of Stanley belongs to which continent?
What languages are spoken in the country that has Lopburi Province?
What major religion in the US has places of worship named Churches?
What did Randy Jackson play in the Eclipse Tour?
What African country trading with Japan calls Khartoum its  capital city?
In what year did the sports team whose fight song is "Seven Nation Army" win the Super Bowl?
In what Eastern Time Zone does Lala Anthony live?
In which country with a part time employment rate of 10.2 percent is portuguese spoken?
What stadiums does the team who won 1907 World Series Championship play at?
What film that has a character named Charles De Batz-Castelmore does Logan Lerman play in?
What is the name of the daughter of the artist who had the "The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour"?
Which language is spoken in the country whose capital is Santiago?
What team owned by Tom Benson did Peyton Manning's dad play for?
Who is the governor of the place that Bruce Babbitt held the governmental position in 2009?
What type of government is used in the country that appointed Coalition Provisional Authority?
What major United States' religion has a religious text named The Bible?
What religion in Afghanistan that has a notable figure named Syed Aqeel-ul-Gharavi?
What state with the capital of Jefferson City is Wellsville located in?
What is the birthplace of the famous person who went to Napanee District Secondary School?
What is there to do in Hollywood this coming weekend that is also the recording location for the tv show The A-Team?
In the country that uses the DOminican Peso, which currnecy is used?
Which of JFK's brothers held his governmental position from after November 6, 1962?
What religious organization in the United States recognizes Army of the Lord?
How does the religious organization of St. Paul the Apostle Church refer to their deity?
What country does Japan export to in the Newfoundland Time Zone?
Which country with the capital Tirana does Turkey trade with?
Who inspired Scott Fitzgerald that is the architect who designed The Mount?
What currency is used in the country that has national anthem Jamaica, Land we Love?
What is the currency in the country whose national anthem is "Valiant Quisqueyans"?
What team in the American League West won the 2002 World Series?
Who is the man in the position of head coach of the squad that earned victory in the 2011 AFC Championship Game?
What degree is held by a notable person who was educated at State Elementary School Menteng 01?
In what country is the national anthem Die Stem van Suid-Afrika and people speak Portuguese?
In what country with  had an energy use per capital in KGOE of 1006.494 do people speak Portuguese?
Where college did Drew Brees attend that publishes Purdue Exponent?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date, and is the player started his sports career in 1992?
What TV series with 50 episodes does Taylor Lautner play in?
Which continent is the country whose national anthem is "Song of the Falklands" on?
Where is Steven Nash from in the Eastern Time Zone?
What religion with a place of worship named Madayi Palli is practiced in Afghanistan?
What is the ballpark named where the team with the mascot called Bernie Brewer plays?
What does the religious organization of Chavagnes International College call their god?
Who is the prime minister of the country that is the major exports of coffee and tea?
What city is the child organization of Sony Canada's headquarters set in?
What Portuguese-speaking country's market cap of list companies as percent of gdp was 10.43?
What is the official language of the country with Viktor Yanukovych as a government official?
What is there to do in Hollywood, California in the Eastern Time Zone?
What states that are part of the Mountain Time are divided by the missouri river?
Who is the daughter of the famous person who attended Parker Elementary School?
What type of government does the country with Central Western Time Zone have?
What type of government is used in the country with currency Peruvian nuevo sol?
Where did Charles Drew go to college where the newspaper is "The McGill Daily"?
Where was the artist who headlined the Jay-Z Fall Tour brought up?
Which movie with Tupac also has Dennis?
What is the school mascot of the organization where you'd find the Syracuse University Video Production Unit?
The individual who obtained education at Tbilisi Spiritual Seminary is the ruler of which country?
When was the most recent World Series win for the team which won the 2010 World Series?
What county in Texas did Bob Lanier hold a governmental position?
What form of government is used in the country that uses Vietnamese dong?
What party with organization named Free Soil Party was Andrew Jackson in?
What is the political party that the individual who attended State Elementary School Menteng 01 represents?
What religion with Tamil Nadu Thowheed Jamath is in the United States?
What religions are practiced in the country where they use the Afghan Afghani as the currency?
What film with character named Ginger did Adam Sandler play in?
What country in Eastern Europe appointed Rosen Plevneliev to a governmental position?
What religion has a practicing population in India and includes the Heritage Netherlands Reformed Congregations as a branch?
What text is used in the religion that utilies Zhuang Zhou?
What educational institution with sports team named Miami RedHawks did Paul Ryan attend college?
What Central Tiem Zone continent do the Falkland Islands belong to?
What is the national anthem of the country that elected Vladimir Putin to a political job?
What country borders France and contains East Flanders?
What do people speak in the country that has Santo Domingo as its capital?
What characters did Armie Hammer play in the film with Dustin Moskovitz?
What person notable with the medical condition Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder id Scarlett Johansson date?
Where was the childhood home of the artist whose concert tour was called Country Nation World Tour?
Who is the mascot at grad student Blaise Winter's educational institution?
What country contains the Gilbert Islands and has territory in Oceania?
What group has Augrey o'Day in it and went on the concert tour Making the Band 4?
The sports team owner Fred Hanser Stadium is where?
What is the predominant religion in the country with Hatikvah as its national anthem?
Who played the character Ratty Nepalese in the film Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What is the capital city of the nation in which the monetary system is based on the South Korean won?
Which Super Bowl was won by the team that also won the AFC Championship Game in 2013?
Who played Dumbledore in which film, that has a character named, Ghost of the Cavalier?
The country that has Krasnodar Krai has which song as its national anthem?
What religion with religious text The Bible is practiced in Indonesia?
What venue does the basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander play at?
What city hosted the 1996 Summer Olympics?
What is the official language of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church?
In what film with a character named Robinson did Adam Sandler play in?
What is the sacred text of the religion who has Grotto-heavens as a sacred site?
What sports team with the fight song Forward Rebels did Peyton Manning 's dad play for?
Who is the governmental officer prior to 3-4-1795 and founded New York University?
What is the hometown of the architect who designed Mount Vernon?
During which NFL season did the team owned by Steve Biscotti win the super bowl?
What is the first name of the club that claimed the 2007-08 Premier League championship?
Who plays in the film with the character Commander Kent?
What Indonesia religion includes a place of worship named Church?
What college in Greenwich Time Zone did Jr Tolkien attend school?
The location that appointed Dmitry Medvedev to govermental position has what national anthem?
What museum is located in Vienna, Austria,and was established the latest?
The country that has the national anthem The Internationale has what kind of economy?
What country that imports from Japan and uses Australian dollar?
Where was a famous person with the medical condition Addison's disease reared?
What country speaks Germanic languages with a capital called Brussels?
Who founded the branch organization that was originally a project of the Margaret Sanger Papers?
What religions are practiced in the country that Pakistan exports to?
What European Union country is home to the capital city pf Brussels?
What office position was held from March 19, 1790 and was Abraham Lincoln's political experience?
Which political party does the Noelani Elementary School represent?
Which form is currency is most utilized in the nation where the Peruvian nuevo sol is used?
Which currency is the best one to take when visiting the area where a governmental post was given to Adly Mansour in 2013?
In which city, does Lala Anthony live, where the TV show Ace of Cakes was filmed?
What is the currency in the country whose national anthem is Bilady, Bilady, Bilady?
What film with character named Troy Bolton has Miley Cyrus been in?
Harvard Board of Overseers is part of the school with what colors?
What religion practiced in Indonesia has a religious organization called Tamil Nadu Thowheed Jamath?
Which system of government, does the location that appointed Nicolas Sarkozy, to governmental position utilize?
A person who once lived in Giverny was inspired by whom?
Kathmandu is the capital of the country with which main trading partners of China?
What continent is the country with capital Regensburg located in?
What form of government is used in the country with the Tehran Province?
Marcion of Sinope is a prominent figure in which United State religion?
In the nation that uses The Internationale as the national anthem, who was the President in 1948?
Which of the 4 countries that make up the UK has a religious organization leadership of Treorchy Noddfa?
What Pacific Time Zone location is in downtown Sacramento?
What is the religion of the First Church of Lombard?
Where did the "Beat The Summer Tour" artist graduate college?
What countries in the Chamorro Time Zone are in Oceania?
What educational institution with football sports team named Iowa Hawkeyes did Tennessee Williams go to college?
Which German bordering country appointed Georges Pompidou to governmental position?
Of all the major religions in the United States, which religion has a place of worship that includes the Stupa?
Where is the company owned by Samsung Heavy Industries located?
What wars did the country that Louis-Eugène Cavaignac was a governmental position been involved in?
What college with a sports team called the Purdue Boilermakers football team is the educational institution where Drew Brees was educated?
What Germanic Languages speaking European country is also home to  the state of Tyrol?
What college did Charles Drew attend that has McGill Redman soccer team?
The location that appointed Benjamin Netanyahu to governmental position has what type of government?
What language is spoken in the region that contains a segment of Gebel Elba?
Phoenix Islands are part of what country Japan exports to?
What political leader runs the country where the Panamanian Balboa is used?
Who has in the past dated the actor who was at one time a resident of Lake Mohawk?
What is the most current year the team who won the 2010 World Series has won another World Series?
What is the mascot of the sports team whose owner is Mark Attanasio?
What languages are used for verbal communication in the nation where Magallenes y la Antarctica Chilena Region is located?
What stadium does the sports team owned by Thomas S. Ricketts play at?
What north American country where some people speak Portuguese shares the Central Time Zone?
What is the musical instrument played by the individual who attended Stratford Northwestern Secondary School?
Where plays the team whose mascot is named Clark?
What religion is practiced in the place where there is a religious place of worship called St. Mary's Cathedral, Batticaloa?
What Chamorro Time Zone countries have territories in Oceania?
What country that has territories in Oceania is in the Samao Time Zone?
Who is the actor that played Jacob Black in the film with a character named Ms. Cope?
In Puno Region's country, what money is used?
In the film with the character Dedalus Diggle, who played Dumbledore?
The country with the capital of Brasilia has what political system?
What is the modern language of the country that contains Al Sharqia Governorate?
What location in the Central Time Zone is Steve Nash's nationality?
What movie with a character named Jane does Taylor Lautner play in?
What country in Eastern Europe has a capital called Kernavė?
What is the mascot for the Bernie Brewer team?
Who presides over the nation whose capital city is Panama City?
What spoken languages are used in the country that has national anthem of Chile?
Where does the Ireland team with the fight song "Ireland's Call" play?
What state does the Colorado River run through whose capital is named Carson City?
Who is in charge of the usage of the Libyan dinar?
Who held his governmental position form January 1, 1911 and was President of the United Stated during WW2?
What country trade with Turkey that has Korce District?
What country in Eastern Europe uses Yugoslave dinar as its currency?
What city was the pro athlete who began his career in 2002 born in which is near the Grand Canyon?
What college did Russell Wilson attend that has sports team named NC State Wolfpack men's basketball?
Of the countries that are in eastern Europe, which has a country capital of Grodno?
What happed at the end of the war to the person who went to Bundesrealgymnasium Linz educational institution?
What religious denomination is the Bethany Congregational Church?
What college had Tennessee Williams attend it and has a sports team named Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball?
What is the daughter's name of the person who attended education institution St. Mary's Elementary School?
What position did Abraham Lincoln hold from 4-30-1789?
Who did Brad Pitt date that had bulimia nervosa?
What kind of currency is used in the country that has National Anthem of Russia?
What is the currency of the place whose religious organization leadership is the Society of Jesus?
The country with the capital of Saipan is in what territory?
What educational institution with The Badger Herald newspaper did Russell Wilson go to?
What educational institution with men's basketball sports team named Purdue Boilermakers did Drew Brees go to college?
Who held his governmental position from after January 3, 1983 and was governor of Ohio in 2011?
What is a place of worship called the Yanina Synagogue in this major United States religion?
What film with a character named Charlie Brown did Ron Howard do?
What's the home field for the sports team owned by Mark Attanasio?
In the concert tour named Raised on Radio Tour, what did Randy Jackson play?
What all Super Bowl games have the championship team that won Super Bowl XLII won?
What type of religions in the United States has places of worship called Churches?
Who is the prime minister of where the currency used in the country, is Ethiopian birr?
Who held a government post from 1979-01-03 and was the governor of Ohio in 2011?
When did the champion of the World Series 2012 won the World series again?
Who is the actor that played Hawkeye in the movie that has a character named Senator Boynton?
What religions with religious believe in Samsara are in the United States?
What university has Otto the Orange for a mascot?
Where did the headliner of the Jay Z 2009 Concert Tour grow up?
Who was the president during WW2 that held his governmental position in the US before March 4, 1933?
Where did the actor who played Forbes Cover Billionair graduate from?
Which film written by Alexander Key featured Kim Richards?
What is the major religion called that is the subject of "Lies My Father Told Me" in the United States?
What countries border the subject of the image "french_flag"?
What Logan Leman movies were released on the distribution medium Blu-ray disc?
What 2011 governor of Ohio passed away in Marietta?
In which movies does Tupac act in, that was edited by Malcolm Campbell?
Who was crucified that Catholics call their God?
What college Drew Brees attended is the  university with the smallest number of postgraduates?
What government systems are in place where the Peruvian inti is official currency?
Which language spoken by the ancient Romans is used on the album "Tanto Tempo?"?
The author who published editions for The Mysterious Affair at Styles (Large Print Edition) wrote what types of books?
Who inspired the artist nominated for awards for "The Negro Speaks of Rivers" to write poetry?
Which state with Colorado River that Larry Owens was born in?
Which school with the latest founding date did James Baldwin attend?
Which college attended by Tennessee Williams has the largest population of postgraduates?
In which country is the location, where the film, "Interview" occurs?
In what region is Washington, D.C. located?
What's the best currency to take to the location where the Chausie breed originated in 2013?
What moviews feature the actor who was the topic of the image taylor_wolfpack.jpg?
Who did the person who wrote "Panther Power" date?
What structure opened in 1914 and is where the Chicago Cubs play?
What is the national flower of the state that held the United States Senate election of Hawaii in 2010?
What political offices were held by the person who said, "I destroy my enemy when I make him my friend?"?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie did C.J. Valleroy play in?
What movies did Tupac act in, that was directed by John Singleton?
During which wars did France participate in using an army of less that 16544 soldiers?
Of the movies that Miley Cyrus been in, which film was released on December 25,2003?
What is the currency in the governmental jurisdiction with office holder Astrid Fischel Volio?
Which country includes the province of Waldenburg and speaks Germanic languages?
What currency was used before the euro in the jurisdiction where the Government of France is located?
Where does the subject of the image "Anthony Carmelo (Whitehouse) make their home?
What politician who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg began their governmental position later than 19 October 1875?
Where was the author of "Profiles in Courage" raised?
Which famous people one quoted "I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.?
Where does Lauren Conrad live that is also the place where the Hall of Fame induction was born?
Where is Belgium located?
What film directed by Angelina Jolie was written by Joel Coen?
Who were influences on the subject of "Pollock's Work?"?
What popular sports team in Spain was founded before 1994?
What country to which Japan exports contains a neighborhood called Al Barsha?
What genre of music was performed by the writer of "Nuit sans Fin?"?
What country that has the largest calling code does Japan export goods to?
What actor played the charactor Troy Bolton and also has done the voice of Star Wars villiam Darth Vader?
What Taylor Swift's film that was released on 4-8-2009?
What wars has the jurisdiction with the Secretary of State for Human Rights of France been involved in?
What instruments are played by the artist who recorded "Dr. Solutsu?"?
What movies featuring Charlie Hunnam have a film netflix_id lower than 60031289?
What historical figure died on 912 BC and was a child of King Solomon?
Which university attended by Russell Wilson has the largest number of undergrads?
What films featuring Tupac came out in 1992?
Of all the sports teams in the American League West, which team was founded first?
What two structures opened after 1966 in Laughlin, Nevada?
What has a population under 1894000 and contains Whistler Mountain?
What is the currency for the place where the Egyptian Mau breed originated?
What language do they speak in the place where the Danish Sport Pony originated in?
What movie was nominiated with an award titled "as Robby Ray Stewart" and featured Taylor Swift?
Which countries that are included in Oceania, where the country calling code is more than 682?
What three language dialects do they speak in the country where the Thai Language is spoken?
What movies has the composer of the lyrics "I learned from you" played in?
Where was the person who recorded "I'm Gonna Get Drunk and Play Hank Williams" born?
What college did the artist who was nominated for an award for Norwood attend?
What is the name of the national anthem of the place where Leonid Lebedev is an office holder?
What musical instruments are played by the composer of "Thought Of You"?
At which location, did the artist that recorded, Wedding Day, was married?
For what sports team that makes its home at Mercedes-Benz Superdome did Peyton Manning's dad play?
What college did the person that said "Nothing pains some people more than having to think." complete his doctorate education?
Who's in charge of the location,  currently, that has a governmental body called, the Libyan Revolutionary Command Council?
What event ended before 3-4-1865 while Abe Lincoln was the President?
Which language is spoken in Chile, its main speaking country is Peru?
What movie that debuted at the Stockholm International Film Festival does Taylor Lautner play in?
What university did Jennifer Hudson attend that has a large number of undergraduates?
What high school was attended by the actor who played Sister Rosemary?
What was the primary topic of the image titled "Triptolemos Louvre G187 's brothers and sisters"?
Which film had Lois lowry as it's wirter and starrted musical artist Taylor Swift?
What country to which Japan exports is the governmental jurisdiction where Ionatana Ionatana holds a governmental office?
What movie featuring Taylor Swift was produced by Billy Ray Cyrus?
Who is the daughter of the composer for the work "dangerously in Love 2"?
What movie did Angelina Jolie direct that is 126 minutes long?
What member of the Republican Party fought in the Battle of Vicksburg?
Which city serves as home to both Lauren Conrad and fictional character Chloe King?
What movie with film casting director Denise Chamian had Miley Cyrus been in?
What country that produces Grolsch beer borders Germany?
Which country has territories in Oceania and is the location of the fictional universe of Captain Pugwash?
Who played the Queen the movie that Liz Giles starred in Hair?
In which countries do people speak Portuguese, and the country calling code is greater than fifty-five?
Where did the recording artist for "Beccause I Got a Girl" grow up?
Which former state senator was governor of Ohio in 2011?
What movie by Ron Howard did Lois Freeman-Fox edit?
Which country that trades with Turkey has the largest calling code?
Who's the topic of the movie,The Darwin Adventure, married to?
What college founded in 1848 did Russell Wilson attend?
What is the official language of the Ukraine with the initials RON?
What religion does the actor that played the character Senator Jasper Irving follow?
Which entertaining locations are in the same country, as where the Farsons Cisk Lager beer is manufactured?
What time zone is the area where newspaper Ke Klahea is circulated in?
What is the capital city of the area impacted by the cyclone Typhoon Whang?
Who did Armie Hammer play in The Social Network?
What is the type of goverment in the place where the Peruviana Hairless Dog originated?
What country borders Germany with the smallest population?
In which movies, does Logan Lerman act in, that was edited by Mary Jo Markey?
What type of government is shared by Japan and the Kingdom of Prussia?
What Joel Schumacher directed movie is Logan Lerman in?
Which building in Hollywood, CA was opened on May 18, 1927, and can be visited this weekend?
What films featuring Taylor Swift have netflix_id numbers above 70068848?
Where did the author, who published, Unfinished Tales, attended school?
What country speaks Germanic languages with a population less than 9,153,489?
Who did the voice of Jack Skellington and plays Kurotowa?
What nominee of the Laureus World Sports Award for Team of the Year represents a popular sport in Spain?
Which of JFK's brothers was Attorney General?
In what nation in Eastern Europe would you find Foleştii de Jos, Vâlcea?
On which continent is there a position of Governor-General of the Bahamas?
Of the colleges Charles Drew attended, which university has the largest number of undergraduates?
Where did the person that stated "I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.", attend university?
Which German border country has the largest country calling code?
What is the hometown of the person who said "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names?"?
What did the scientist who was the topic of the jj-thomson2 image discover?
What university has more than 7814 undergraduates and was attended by Charles Drew?
What state with a symbol of a Ring-necked Pheasant does the Missouri River bisect?
What school in Oklahoma did Jennifer Hudson go to?
In what season did a particpant of the 2010 world series win the world series?
In what nation would you find the topic of the image "The Montelbaanstoren (1512) on the Oude Schans"?
What college in Raleigh did Russell Wilson attend?
On the countries locate din Oceania, which one has the smallest US population?
For which teams did the father of the performer in "NFL Super Bowl XLIV Champions: New Orleans Saints" play?
What voice of Darth Vader was the executive producer of "That Awkward Moment"?
Who starred in the movie that Dennis Muren played in Raiders of the Lost Ark?
What was the name of JFK's brothers that were buried in Arlington National Cemetary?
For what sports team founded prior to 1967 did Peyton Manning's father play?
What is the currency of the location containing the 2nd level division Salcedo?
Which of JFK's brothers said  "Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly?"?
What language spoken by British is found in "Buffyverse"?
What Star Wars character was played by an actor who was also a host of the history channel?
What religions are practiced in the birthplace of the Kuchi breed?
Who has Brad Pitt dated, that had a romantic relationship that ended after 1988?
Who is the brother of the person that said "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names."?
What is the name of the capital of Australia where the film "The Squatter's Daughter" was made?
What movie was Taylor Swift in that was edited by Michael Tronick?
What university with 3565 postgraduates did Eleanor Roosevelt attend?
What team in the American League West was founded in 1965?
What time zone is used in the governmental jurisdiction in which John Early is a governmental office holder?
What is the national flower of the location where the movie "Blue Hawaii" is set?
In the country where Jamaican English is spoken, what money do they use?
What language that's primarily spoken in the Faroe Islands is also used in Denmark?
Which movie featuring Taylor Swift includes the song "The Climb?"?
In what subject does the politician who held the position Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness hold a degree?
What did the person who said "God's first creature, which was light" do?
What degree does the person that said "A Good GI Bill would increase the recruit pool." receive?
What main trading partner of China is the geographic division where the political system includes the job Second Vice-President?
What is the hometown of the subject of the movie "George Washington's First War: The Battles for Fort Duquesne"?
Whic film directed by Ron Howard includes the song "All Love Can Be?"?
Featured in Keats: A Biography, what inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
What type of music did Claude Debussy play and is featured in the film Alice in Wonderland?
What inspiration of F. Scott Fitzgerald said, "Business today consists in persuading crowds"?
What is the national anthem of the country that has a position titled Ministry of Justice?
What is the birthplace of the subject of the film "Kim Kardashian: Evolution"?
Which of the four regions that makes up the United Kingdom has a governmental body named the House of Commons of the United Kingdom?
What major trading partner of China is the home of Monteith's Lager beer?
What movie was Charlie Hunnam in that was about human extinction?
Which sports player who's career ended in 2014 dated Scarlett Johansson?
What movie featuring Miley Cyrus was directed by Tom Vaughan?
Which language with the initials fra do Jewish people speak?
What country that borders Germany has the smallest ISO numeric?
What language is spoken in the country that makes THY Limfjordsporter beer?
What is the movie about a child prodigy that Ron Howard did?
What languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called Danish  Ministry of Taxation?
What is the popular sport that was founded earliest in Spain?
Which countries share border with the country who has an office holder named Michel Goudhaux?
What kind of currency is used where the Zhivoye Dyelo newspaper is distributed?
What nation that neighbors France is the home of Prignon Fantôme La Gourmande beer?
What currency is used where Bochkarev Krepkoe beer is made?
Who has Brad Pitt dated in the past, and was into Buddhism?
What is the timezone in the location of the movie "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore"?
Which languages do the people speak from the location which includes, Høje-Taastrup Municipality?
What is the latest movie that the actor, who also played Emily-Jackson-Jacks, starred in?
Which high school was attended by the person who was nominated for an award for Chapter V?
Who is in control of the place where the movie "The Naked and the Dead" takes place?
Of both of Adolf Hitler's parents names, the name of the parent with the earliest date of death?
What is the time zone in the location of the film "Shoot Em Up"?
What movies, released before April 17, 2015, did Adam Sandler play in?
Where did Tennessee Williams attend college, and has an organization headquarters located in New York City?
Where did the artist that was nominated for an away for "Beat This Summer" graduate from college?
What language is spoken in the country that has a government office holder named Edith Schippers?
What time zone is used in the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body called Government of Illinois?
What form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction that includes the Cabinet of Israel?
What college with the least number of undergraduates did Charles Drew attend?
Which politician who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg entered office first?
What language with the initials "acy" is spoken in Cyprus?
What David Slade film starred Taylor Lautner?
What movie released to video did Ron Howard do?
Who produced the movie "August" and dated Scarlett Johansson?
What form of government is practiced in the circulation area of the newspaper Khorshid?
Who did the voice for Lola Bunny and was nominated for a BAFTA award?
What ISO 3166-1 alpha 3 country speaks the Germanic language?
In which movies, does Logan Lerman act in, that was released after Jan 22, 2004?
What movie starring Logan Lerman that was edited by Thomas J Nordberg?
Which state has a population of less than 965000 and has the colorado river flowing through it?
What is the setting of the film "Saw V?"?
What country that's a main trading partner of China has an ISO numeric of 024?
What baseball movie did Adam Sandler play in?
What Laughlin, Nevada popular attraction was launched in 1966?
In what time zone does the person live who wrote the lyrics for "Just Walkin' in the Rain?"?
Which movies did Adam Sandler act in, that was directed by Frank Coraci?
What was the profession of the person who said "Mysteries are due to secrecy."?
Of the countries that are in the Caribbean, which has the Dutch Language as an official language?
What is the birthplace of the actor who played Beatrice Bell?
In the year 1948 who was the leader of the cuntry where the Chuvash language is used?
From what colony is the person who said "Genius is sorrow's child."?
What is the current main speech medium in Haiti?
Which city has a neighborhood called Treasure Island and was once the home of Lauren Conrad?
What movie has Charlie Hunnam been in, and the netflix_id is smallest?
Which 1961 founded team did Peyton Manning's father play for?
Where did J.R.R. Tolkien go to school that has the smallest number of postgraduates?
What country that trades with China is also the fiction universe of Captain Pugwash?
What is the earlies movie released to feature Adam Sandler?
Where is the birthplace of the actor who played Claire Summers?
What movies was originally released in 2002-10-18 and starred actor Charlie Hunnam?
Where did President Kennedy go to school that has less than 2416 postgraduates?
Which university did Harry S. Truman attend, that has less than 9,381 undergraduates?
For what teams did the father of the actor in the movie NFL Insider play?
What country has an internet domain of cn and has a portuguese speaking population?
What school was attended by the famous person who quoted "The future is... black."?
What's the location of the governmental jurisdiction in which there's a governmental body called Kentucky House of Representatives?
Which currency would be most useful where the newspaper Akher Saa circulated in 2013?
What university with 30477 undergraduates did J.R.R. Tolkien attend?
What is the government system in place in the area of circulation for HaTzofe?
What does the artist that was nominated for "The Audacity of Hope" have a degree in?
Who played in the Forbidden Zone and is the voice of Jack Skellington?
What movies has Miley Cyrus been in with music by Aaron Zigman?
Which university attended by Tennessee Williams has more than 23799 undergraduates?
On which continent, is the location where the movie, "Speed 2: Cruise Control" , occur?
What currency is used by the governmental office holder named Luis Fishman Zonzinski in his country?
What city was the place of death for the person who quoted "The sky is no longer the limit."?
Which country that speaks Germanic languages has the highest calling code?
What Charlie Hunnam work was production designed by Geoffrey Kirkland?
What country bordering Germany that involved in the Gulf War?
What was the profession on the songwrite who wrote "Aus tiefer Not schrei ich zu dir"?
Who founded the New York University, and was buried in Philadelphia?
What netflix_id under 70007652 movies has Tupac been in?
Which film featuring Taylor Swift was written by Dan Berendsen?
In which city did the political appointee that had the title White House Deputy die?
What school Jennifer Hudson attended has an NCES school ID of 170993000588?
What is the latest film that was released starring Taylor Swift?
Who is the reigning King in the country when Cabodian French is the primary language?
Where did the composer of What She Came From come from?
Which movies directed by Chris Renaud have featured Taylor Swift?
Which university did the person who said "Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make" graduate from?
Who know what religions are dominant where Farsi is spoken?
Which state has the position title of Mayor is near the Grand Canyon?
What other movies has the actor that played the character Eliot Murtaugh play in?
Which politician and brother of JFK ended his government post after 1968-06-06?
Which country that held the Ayrault Government legislative session borders Germany?
Of the movies which featured tupac, which one has the largest netflix_id?
Who are the people the actor who played Ezekiel 'Spoon' Whitmore has dated?
In what year, did the Giants win the World Series, and the Kansas City Royals, was the championship, runner up?
What is the name of the location, where the film, "The Loved Ones" occur?
What countries bordering the location of the film "Amen"?
What was the name of the president during World War II who left the position after April 12, 1945?
What governor of Arizona in 2009 ended his/her governmental position earliest?
What is the capital of th country that produced Cass beer?
What recreational lake is near Downtown Sacramento?
What movie was Logan Lerman in that was decorated by Barry Greaves?
What is the causes of death of the actor who played the character NASCAR Driver #2?
Which country has the newspaper De Pers?
What school did the author of You learn by Living attend?
What sacred Daoist text had an influence on Jorge Luis Borges?
Which film starring Kim Richards has the largest Netflix ID?
What college Tennessee Williams attended is a university with fewer than 6439 postgraduates enrolled?
What language do the people in the area where the "Trouw" newspaper is circulated speak?
When was the person who said "seriously, I do not think I'm fit for the presidency" president?
What forms of government are in place in the Federal Government of Iraq?
Who played the fictional character, Batgirl, that's the parent of James Gordon, Jr.?
Which artist passed away on 1863-08-13 and was an inspriational source to Claude Monet?
What was the name of the composer who wrote Papa'z Song?
Which film is the earliest that Taylor Lautner played in?
What country that speaks Germanic languages has an army less than 39200?
What type of government does that country that speaks Syriac use?
Who inspired the person who said, "Her voice is full of money"?
What are the official languages of the setting of the movie "Three Stories of Galicia"?
What Adam Sandler movie is in the Dutch language?
Which team from the American League West was founded the most recently?
What founder of New York University had a position in the 4th United States Congress?
What was the occupation of the person who said "War is too important a matter to be left to the military."?
What nation to which Japan exports is a political division within the United Arab Emirates?
What wars has France fought in and was the subject of Courage Under Fire?
Where did the actor nominated for the award for The Catcher in the Rye die?
Who is the Arizona Governor in 2009 who held her position since 1-26-2009?
What is the name of the currency in the country with a position title of Vice President of Brazil?
What movie was about the korean war and featued actress Miley Cyrus?
What modern language is spoken in the governmental jurisdiction in which Mahmoud Fawzi holds a governmental office?
What Adam Sandler movie had cinematography done by Dean Semler?
If I were to visit the governmental jurisdiction where Ricardo Lagos holds an office, what languages do I need to learn to speak?
Where did the President who "An American Affair" is about go to college?
Which political affiliation did the  protagonist in the movie Obama Anak Menteng belong to?
What form of government is used in both the United States and Bolivia?
Where did the person about whom the movie "The Diary of Anne Frank" was made go to school?
Where is the childhood home of the person who said "Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion."?
Where did the composer of Can I Live II grow up?
In what region is the country that produces Artois Peeterman beer?
What main trading partner of China is an administrative division in the country United Arab Emirates?
Where was the artist that was award nominated for, Get Real born?
Who is the person that wrote a Vocabulary of Seneca and founded New York University?
At what college was the artist who recorded "Hot Rod Heart" educated?
What movie was Miley Cyrus in that was produced by Touchstone Pictures?
What country was controlled by the political appointee who held the title Reich Governor?
Which location is in the area in which the newspaper Xtra! is circulated?
For what magazines did the subject of the film "The Raven" work?
What county in Texas is the location where the movie "Puncture" takes place?
What film starring Kim Richards that was released on 3-21-1975?
What movie produced by John Schneider was Adam Sandler in?
Which Spanish sports teams were founded after 1994?
What is the national anthem of the place where Tsakhur is spoken?
Who was the actor who played Dumbledore in Harry Potter who died from Hodgkin's lymphoma?
What movie starring Charlie Hunnam that had John Mathieson as the cinematographer?
In which thriller movies does Taylor Lautner appear?
What movie was directed by Angelina Jolie and directed by Mick Garris?
Which movies featuring the work of Ron Howard has the shortest run time?
Who wrote Voices and silences and also did Darth Vader's voice?
What comedian did the voice for Lola Bunny?
What other movies is the person who plays Charlie Fineman in?
What work did the person do who said, "Forgiveness is God's command"?
What drama movie did Angelina Jolie direct?
Who serves as Prime Minister of the country where Harar Beer is made?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie that was released after 12-22-2011?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date that was an actor in the movie "The Croods 2"?
Where did the person who said, "In this Revolution no plans have been written for retreat" earn his doctorate?
What is the main religion in the nation where the Cabinet of Israel is located?
Which movie did Angelina Jolie direct, that was produced by Erwin Stoff?
In which province, is the location that has a governmental body called, Montreal Executive Committee?
What government system is shared by Australia and the Kingdom of Prussia?
In which city, did the author that published, A Catcher in the Rye, died?
Which of JFK's brothers served in the political party called Massachusetts Democratic Party?
What form of government is used in the country where the regional Omagua dialect is used?
Where was the movie "Shoot 'Em Up" filmed?
Who was the person who influenced Jackson Pollock that died latest?
For what is the area where the newspaper Creative Loafing circulates famous?
What American League teams play in Arlington?
When was the person to whom William Howard Taft dedicated his work President?
WHat states has a symbol of Cornus Florida and incldues the town of Wellsville?
When my brother visited the location where the film "Source Code" takes place, what province was he in?
The subject of the film King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery to Memphis was shot at what location?
Where would you find the country where St. Bernardus Abt 12 beer is made?
Who was the inspiration for the person that said "There are no second acts in American lives"?
What Adam Sandler movie had cinematography done by Michael Barrett?
What political experience did the person have who said, "Seriously, I do not think I fit for the presidency"?
Which movie did Kim Richards appear in and had a length of 112.0 minutes?
Which university with fewer than 3708 postgraduates did Eleanor Roosevelt attend?
Which movie was Kim Richards in, that was released in 1974?
What languages are spoken in the country where Faroese is used?
What language, with the initials EL, do the people of Cyprus speak?
Where does Lala Anthony live where the GNIS feature ID is the smallest?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date that played in the movie "Wild Horses"?
What college with number of undergraduates greater than 29118 that Russell Wilson attend?
On the countries that share a border with France, which country has the smallest army?
Which shows did the actor who played the character Danielle Warren play in?
Where did Lauren Conrad live that also produced the beer Anchor Steam?
Where did Eleanor Roosevelt attend school, with an organization founding date of 1919?
What structure opened in 1922 in Hollywood, CA?
Where does the breed Schipperke originated from?
In which movie did Logan Lerman act in, that was written by Andrew Davies?
Who served as Vice President under the subject of the film "Reagan"?
Which Caribbean country has the largest calling code?
What school attended by Kevin Hart had an organizational founding date of 1929?
For what sports team that calls McNichols Sports Arena its home stadium does Nate Robinson play?
What city contains the neighborhood Richmond and is where Lauren Conrad lived?
What university that has fewer than 26,965 undergraduates did Tennessee WIlliams attend?
Where did Drew Brees attend university, that has less than 31,290 undergraduates?
What kind of art does the artist of "Blue Nudes Series" use?
To whom was the actor who was in the movie "My Name is Katie" married in 2012?
What degree did the official who held the title Director for Multilateral Affairs have?
What movie featuring Tupac was directed by Kirk M. Petruccelli?
What fun place in Sacramento, CA should I visit that's a structure that opened in 1986?
What currency is used in the country that has the Coat of Arms of Russia?
Which county is the film "Attention Shoppers" set in?
Which university with 9327 postgraduates did J.R.R. Tolkien attend?
What film featuring Charlie Humman has the earliest release date?
What language is spoken by the people governed by the government of Denmark?
Where was the person born that said "Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others."?
Which movie edited by Bernat Vilaplana was Charlie Hunnam in?
Where is the artist who recorded "Out of Your Mind" from?
Which of Walt Disney kids, who'c date of death is before November 19, 2013?
In which fantasy movies has Adam Sandler appeared?
What type of music, that influenced Les Fradkin, did Vivaldi write?
Which movie was Taylor Swift in, that debuted at Ziegfeld Theatre?
What language belongs to the Italic language family did the ancient Romans write?
What was Franz Liszt' career that had him ending up leading a religious organization before March 27, 1993?
Who dated the nominee of the Theater World Award?
What's the first book written by the person who said, "Let us be moral. Let us contemplate existence"?
What country with territories in Oceania has Chamorro as spoken language?
What instrument did Randy Jackson play in the artist that recorded "Going Down Alone?"?
What country has territories in Oceania and a governmental body called the New Zealand House of Representatives?
What languages are used by the people from the country where Faroese is spoken?
Which political party, does the political appointed, that had the title, Director for Multilateral Affairs represent?
What is the sports team that Messi played for in 2010 that uses the Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti museum?
What countries with calling codes over 677 have territories in Oceania?
What year did the Dodgers beat The Chicago White Sox in the World Series?
What magazine did the person who said "To observe attentively is to remember distinctly." work for?
Where did the author of the lyrics for "Excuse Me Miss" grow up?
What country that is located in Oceania with the largest ISO numeric number?
What movie was direct by Angelina Jolie and also included Laua Hollenbrand as an author?
What Taylor Lautner movies had cinematography done by Guillermo Navarro?
In what wars has the government where the French Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry is in office fought?
Where did the artist nominated for an award for "Why I Oppose the War in Vietnam" get his doctorate?
What language is spoken in the place that contains the second level division Salcedo?
What actor was featured in Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates and didthe voice of Darth Vader?
What has Charlie Hunnam acted in, as well as the movie that Emily Coutts played in?
What Taylor Lautner movies were released prior to Christmas Day 2008?
In the TV show that is known for the family guy theme song, who plays the character Stewis Griffin?
In what years was the main character of Gore Vidal's movie Lincoln president?
Of  the main trading partners of China ,which country has an iso of 3166-1 alpha-3 of DZ?
What year did the Giants win the World Series with the Detroit Tigers as a runner up?
What TV Drama show does Tamera Mowry act on?
Who was the governor at the same time that the 20th Arizona Territorial Legislature was in session?
What is the name of the money used in the country the Peruvian Paso breed originated?
Which move starring Kim Richards was the prequel to "Beyond Witch Mountain?"?
Which country that has the administrative division of United Arab Emirates does Japan export to?
What college did Drew Brees attend that has number of undergraduates the largest?
Where did the president and author who published the book, Profiles in Courage, attend school?
What years was the person who said "I destroy my enemy when I make him my friend." President?
What university wer at some point attended by Harry S. Truman?
What is the current government of the place where "The Alchemist of Happiness" takes place?
What television film was Kim Richard starred in?
What acrtess is featured in a movie that had Phil Dagort as a crew member?
In what events that ended prior to 28 October 1981 did the Dodgers win the World Series?
What is the county where the someone in government holds the title of Mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina?
What is the official language of the area where the government of Ukraine is?
In what province is the location where the movie "The Point" is set?
What movie recieved a nomination for an award with the describtion "Role: Inman" and had Charlie Hunman as an actor?
Which of the four regions that make up the United Kingdom is the location of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
What are all the movies the composer of "Speak Now" has been in?
What did the person who wrote "Vater unser im Himmelreich" do?
Who is the subject of the movie "The Genius of Charles Darwin" married to?
What movie starring Mylie Cyrus that features the song Gotta Go My Own Way?
In which university, did Dr the artist that recorded, Freedom Dub, obtain his doctorate?
What Kim Richards film is 111.0 minutes long?
Where would you find the location that contains the second level division Arrondissement of Aalst?
What award nominated movie starring Ron Howard that was based on the book by Sylvia Nasar?
To which party did the subject of the image "Andrew Jackson Daguerrotype" belong?
Which German speaking country has an ISO less than 056?
What magazine with earliest publication end date did Edgar Allan Poe work for?
Where is the Busch Stadium arena?
Which country has the largest population and is where the Frizzle chicken originated?
In which movies, does Logan Lerman act in, that was production designed by Andrew Menzies?
Which country with the ISO number of 100 is located in Eastern Europe?
Which language do people from Denmark speak, and that start with the initials, fa?
Which movie that starred Taylor Lautner was Kira Roessler a crew member on?
What place has the location GNIS feature ID of 597040 and is home to Lala Anthony?
What language, with the initials FKV, do they speak in Norway?
Who played Vito Corleone and influenced Alexander Morton?
What states through which the Colorado River flows have administrative division location symbols that were adapted prior to 1899?
What is the language with the initials "EO" that is spoken by British people?
What movies did the person who recorded "Fall Down" have parts in?
What are the names of the kids of the person who said "It's kind of fun to do the impossible?
Where does the actor who played in the film Snedronningen make his home?
Which celebrity who ended a romantic relationship prior to 1991 portrayed Vito Corleone?
Of the countries, that Japan exports to, which country has Arabic, Chadian Spoken Language as a spoken language?
Who is the singer-songwriter that went out with Tupac Shakur?
What was the name in "Juice" of the lyricist for "Panther Power"?
Which movies featuring Taylor Swift have Netflix IDs larger than 70109430?
What movie was latest released with Miley Cyrus in it?
In "Juice," what character was played by the artist nominated for awards for "Dear Mama"?
What is there to see in Vienna, Austria where the venue has a capacity of 2100?
What official currency is used in the country that circulates the Brazilian cruzado novo?
What country to which Japan exports is a nation where Arabic and Chadian as spoken languages?
What kind of paintings did Fida Kahlo do that appeared in the film "Orpheus"?
Which type of economy, does the location that has a governmental office holder named, Vladimir Lenin?
Who are the main trading partners of China, and the country in which the fictional character Jemaine Clement was born?
What jobs were done by the author who wrote "The New Atlantis"?
In what year did the Dodgers win the World Series with sports championship results were 4-1?
Who was the US President during WW2 who held his government position until 8-26-1920?
What bordering country of France has Catalan language as an official language?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date that died on July 3, 1973?
To what continent does the governmental jurisdiction where the governor includes the position Governor of the Falkland Islands belong?
Of President Kennedy's schools he attended, which has the latest founding date?
What movie did Ron Howard make ,and had Rick Montgomery as the film casting director?
What are the author's names that published editions for Lady and the Tramp (Disney's Wonderful World of Reading) kids?
Where did Kevin Hart attend university, that has greater than 9153 postgraduates?
Name the people that dated the recording artist of Playa Young Thugs (P.Y.T.).?
Who held a position in the 11th United States Congress and was Governor of Ohio in 2011?
Where should I visit at 216 O St. in downtown Sacramento?
What nation in the geographic region of Oceania is the birthplace of the fictional character Jemaine Clement?
What actor played Vito Corleone and wrote A Bronx Tale?
What languages do the people in the country where the Frisian language speak?
Of the Caribbean nations, which country has Papiamento as an official language?
Name the movie Demi Moore and Tupac played in.?
Where did the "Wheelhouse" award nominated artist attend college?
What kind of paintings, that influenced Edvard Munch, did that Frida Kahola do?
What was Charlie Hunnam in that was written by Matthew Chapman?
Where did the recording artist of "Go All Night (Erick Morillo club mix) attend college?
Which actor who portrayed Vito Corleone also played in Joy?
What Kim Richards work has a program running time of 95?
Which system of government, does the location that has the government position title ,President of Vietnam, have currently?
What is the main religion practiced in the country of origin for Maccabee beer?
Who played Hawkeye in the film that Christine Arboit was a crew member of?
Who was born in North Hollywood and dated Brad Pitt?
What film starring Kim Richards that was directed by Robert Clatworthy?
What's the currency called where the, Peruvian sol is utilized?
In what time zone does the film "Nashville" take place?
What is the political system where Roman Senate is a governmental body?
What film that was released on 27 June 2000 featured Logan Lerman?
Who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg that was also a military combatant involved in the Battle of Dinwiddie Court House?
In which television show does Tamera Mowry act in, that has the smallest number of seasons?
Which Vice Presidnet served under the President who was nominated for the My Life [Abridged] [Audible Audio Edition]?
What type of government is practiced in Japan in the birthplace of Emanuel Lasker?
Which country inlcudes the Westerpark neighborhood?
Which of the movies starring Logan Lerman were released to video?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie has Gail Stevens as a film casting director?
What is the type of government in the country where the newspaper "Haaretz" circulates?
Which wars involving France ended prior to February 28,1991?
Where did the author of "Evidence of Things Not Seen" go to school?
What language is spoken in Britain that belongs to the West Germanic language family?
What country in the Caribbean has a GDP deflator change rate of 2.35?
In the country that is the subject of the image ethiopia_flag.pngWho is the prime minister?
Who was the person buries at Mikveh Israel Cemetery who also founded New York University?
What instruments are played by the composer of "Colonial Mentality"?
At the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival in 2007, name the movie that Ron Howard debuted.?
What musical instrument that recorded "Won't Stop (feat. Justin Bieber)" play?
Of the seven countries that make up Central America, which has the largest country calling code?
What was the latest film that Taylor Lautner played in?
What character did the actor award nominated for "Taken 2" play in Star Wars?
Which of Charlie Hunnam's films was released last?
Who is the current governor of the governmental jurisdiction in which there's a governmental body called Wyoming House of Representatives?
Who inspired Monet and influenced Paul Verlaine?
What kind of money is used in the location containing the second level division Comendador, Elías Piña?
Of the seven countries that are part of Central America, which country has an internet top level domain of bz?
What language is spoken in the home of the Hellenic Parliament?
What was the latest film that Adam Sandler was in?
What country in the Caribbean has the smallest population?
Where did the actor that played in the film Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain go to school?
Name movie(s) Kim Richards acted in that released later than October 25, 2005.?
What did the author of "Poor Richard's Almanac of 1757" invent?
Of the seven countries that are part of Central America, which has an ISO numeric of more than 084?
Which politician was out of office before 1801-03-03 and also remembered for founding New York University?
Which residence of Lauren Conrad was the birthplace of Hikaru Sulu?
What President of the United States during WWII was the 34th Vice President of the US government?
What language is spoken where Kunstmann beer is made?
Who dated the person who said "heartthrobs are a dime a dozen"?
What city has location GNIS feature ID is greater than 277593 and was home to Lauren Conrad?
What movie did Billy Ray Cyrus produce that starred Miley Cyrus?
Who was the voice actor for Lola Bunny and written out of the film Bridesmaids?
What languages are spoken in the location where the government Politics of Denmark is located?
Where did Paul Ryan attend university, that has 14546 of undergraduates?
What genre of music is in the album Nightingale and also written by Vivaldi?
What is the primary religion of the nation which brews Goldstar beer?
What Methodist person that fought in the Battle of Vicksburg?
Which movies did Adam Sandler act in, that was written by Rob Schneider?
What is the spoken language in the country where the breed Korat originated in?
Where did the composer of the lyrics "All Around the World" grow up?
Which country has territories in Oceania and has 10000 in its army?
Where did the author go to school that published editions of "My Day"?
What is the latest structure to open in Laughlin, Nevada?
What did Randy Jackson play in the award nominated When You Love a Woman?
What is the name of the movie that Charlie Hunnam is in featuring the song titled "Drift"?
What type of paintings were created by the subject of the movie "Frida Still Life"?
Where did the subject of the image "Martin Luther King, Jr." get shot?
Which movie was Adam Sandler in that had the film casting director, Justine Baddeley?
What work edited by John Gilroy featured Charlie Hunnam?
Where is Whistler Mountain located, and where the government position title, Provincial Archivist of British Columbia is bestowed?
What school was attended by the person who was the focal point of the image "Sergio romo 2010"?
What language is spoken where the second level division Læsø Municipality is located?
What language is spoken in the place where the Welsummer breed originated in?
What is a major religion where Gautama Buddha is a founder?
What is the cause of death of the actor that played the character Chris Barry?
What movie was Tupac in that was produced by Columbia Pictures?
The artist who recorded I'm Gonna Get Drunk and Play Hank Williams graduated from which college?
What to do in the area that has the positional title of the Prime Minister of Malta?
Where is the governmental jurisdiction that has the position title Roman counsel centered?
What movie released before 04-16-2004 was Logan Lerman in?
What colony is the birthplace of the person who said, "The happiness of society is the end of government"?
What type of music featured on the album Epica was composed by Mozart?
Which movies with costumes designed by Lisa Jensen did Adam Sandler play in?
Which Superbowl after January 2001 did the Baltimore Ravens win?
Which countries with an iso of 3166-1 alpha-3 of CH speak germanic languages?
Which magazine did the writer who produced the lyrics for "Kaaren" work for?
What currency is used in the country where Pivzavod AO Vena Nevskoye Light beer is produced?
What currency is used in the country where Egyptian Arabic spoken?
What film was directed by Georgianne Walken and had Logan Lerman as an actor in it?
Where did Drew Brees go to school that has more than 31290 undergraduates?
What was the cause of death for the actor who played the character "Sportin' Life?"?
What currency is used where Cervejaria Kaiser Palma Louca beer is made?
What movie was Taylor Lautner in that was written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr.?
What high school did the composer of "Won't Make a Fool Out of You" attend?
What movie with a run time of 102.0 minutes was Taylor Swift in?
What is the spoken language used in the  country with second level division Comendador, Elías Piña speak?
In what country would you find the topic of the image "Wapen_van_Amsterdam_bewerkt.PNG"?
What kind of guitar did the author who published Kurt Cobain's journals play?
What is the name of the daughter of the actor that played the character Etta James?
What movies was Kim Richards in that were released after 1978?
What region is the place with government officer named Albert II of Belgium?
What college in Greeley, Colorado that was founded the latest?
Which movie was Kim Richards in, that has the smallest Netflix_id?
Which religion founded by Sarah, among others, is a religion in the United States?
What was the art genre Henri Matisse used that was featured in the work Scenario for a Human Drama, II: Immediate Background?
In what time zone is the jurisdiction where the Colorado House of Representatives is located?
On the TV program with the Desperate Housewives Theme song, who plays Lynette?
Which film featuring Taylor Swift includes organization toonsplainers?
What kind of currency should you take to the place where Egyptian Arabic is spoken?
Who is the prime minister where the Kwama language is spoken?
Who was the 2009 Governor of Arizona who was a lawyer?
What zip codes are used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled Mayor of Clarksville, TN?
Where does the actor that played the character Lee Christmas, live?
What language is used in the country that has governmental officer named Søren Pind?
Which movie did Tupac act in, and that was released on February 15, 1991?
What movies written by Edward Abbey did Ron Howard starred in?
What movie was directed by Angelina Jolie and Arwel Evans?
Which type of currency, is utilized. in the country where, Brasserie des Franches-Montagnes La Meule beer, is produced?
What form of government is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position entitled Minister of Justice of Israel?
"Thank You Friends" was written by a composer who died where?
What form of government is used in the country where South Azeri language is spoken?
Where did the actor go to school who portrayed Ben Barber?
what did the man that said "Genius is sorrow's child."   do before he was president?
What type of guitar was used by the lyricists of "Funk #49"?
Where did James Baldwin go to school that had the smallest number of undergraduates?
Of the main trading partners of China, and the country calling code is higher than 977?
What currency is accepted where the Samoyed breed originated?
What sports team founded in 1899 did Messi play for in 2010?
What are the official languages in the country with government official named Anatoliy Kinakh?
Which movies filmed in English did Miley Cyrus appear in?
What language spoken in Canada is the language of Daedalus?
Which movie is about baseball and featured Adam Sandler?
What continent is the government office holder named Jerome Fitzgerald on?
Who knows the ruler of the country that speaks Libyan Arabic?
What academic advisor of Jakob Klaesi influenced Jackson Pollock's work?
What organization founded after 1552 is the school JRR Tolkien attended?
Which of the four regions that make up the United Kingdom is Wyvern Hill located in?
The fictional character Amanda Rollins was born in what country in eastern Europe?
What sacred text of Daoism that was influenced Liang Qichao?
What is the birthplace of the actor who portrayed the character Allison Lang?
Which languages are spoken at the location, which contains the second level division, Høje-Taastrup Municipality?
What is the name of the person nominated for an award as Steelers Head Coach?
What college that Drew Brees attend that is located at 610 Purdue Mall?
What to do in the jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named Eddi Fenech Adami?
Where does the actor, that was the character Yves Gluant, live at?
What modern language is spoken in the country where Al Ahram Beverages Co. Stella beer is made?
What is the currency in the jurisdiction with a body of government called National Council?
What is the timezone where John Peter Altgeld is a government office holder?
What fantasy movies has Taylor Lautner played in?
Which university with the largest number of postgraduates did Kevin Hart attend?
What Miley Cyrus movie has a program run time of 104?
What actor from "Umbracle" influenced Jackson Pollock's work?
Where did the artist grow up that recorded #Thatpower?
What is the major language spoken in Greece?
Where does Lala Anthony live, that has 2,240,419 population?
What's the real name of the person who played the parent of Johnny Fontane.?
What do they speak in the place where the Norwegian Forest cat breed originated in?
What languages are spoken where the Minister for Development Cooperation of Denmark is located?
Of the countries that share a border with France, which country has the smallest ISO numeric?
Who were the brothers of the subject of the film An American Affair?
Which program featuring Tamera Mowry has the largest "tvrage_id?"?
What Chinese language movies featured Logan Lerman?
Which person that inspired Scott Fitzgerald died from a stroke?
Of the movies that Miley Cyrus has been in, which one was released the earliest?
What current is used in the country with government position title President of Dominican Republic?
What county is the city that includes the Houston City Council as a part of their government located in?
In the country that originaly bred that Vyatka horse, what form of currency is used?
Which executive producer of Chapter 27 dated Scarlett Johansson?
What is the modern language at the location, that has a government position with the title, Acting Prime Minister of Egypt?
Which teams play in the Rangers Ballpark in Arlington and are in the American League West?
What movie written by Pamela Eells did Miley Cyrus play in?
Where was the subject of the movie "An American Affair" raised?
Who are the children of the award nominated artist of "Lend a Paw"?
What movie that Kami Asgar was a crew member on was Taylor Lautner in?
What school was attended by the creator of the song Cinnamon Apple?
Where did J. R. R. Tolkien attend university, that has the largest number of postgraduates?
What movies did the artist behind Because I Got a Girl star in?
Of all of JFK's brothers, which one had the latest date of death?
What type of guitar was used by the lyracist for "Heart-Shaped Box?"?
What was directed by the actor who played Corneila Wallace?
What movies with music composed by John Debney starring Taylor Lautner?
Of the colleges that were attended by Paul Ryan, which one has the smallest number of postgraduates?
What movie did Miley Cyrus star in with Stan Parks as a crew member?
What is the name in "Juice" of the artist of "P.Y.T (Playa Young Thugs)"?
In 2008 Michigan, USA, which timezone was at where the United States Senate election?
What kind of economy does the country have that breeds Moscow watchdogs?
Of all the Taylor Swift movies she's been in, which film was released after July, 2, 2009?
What religion is practiced in the setting for the movie "Defamation?"?
What movies featured the actor that starred in the film salt 2?
Who was the Vice President for the author of the "State of the Union Address of William J. Clinton"?
Where did Charles Drew attend college that has the latest founding date?
What is the modern language at the location, in which the newspaper, Akhbar el-Yom, is circulated?
What type of currency, does the governmental body named Congress of Guatemala utilize?
Where is Belgium located and is also the place where the B.A.P. Live on Earth 2014 Continent Tour took place?
What movie released prior to 11-17-2008 did Taylor Lautner star in?
Whata movie directed by Tony Fanning did Logan Lerman play in?
Where is the location that includes, Washington D.C.,and New York?
What is the youngest college did Harry S Truman attend?
What hotel in Laughlin, Nevada that opened before 1982?
What Charlie Hunnam work was filmed at Gorgota?
Where's the location where the Slavic language is spoken located?
What movie with a prequel called "Escape to Witch Mountain" was Kim Richards in?
What was the actor's name that played the character Digital Underground Member in "Juice"?
Which movies does Tupac play in, whose netflix_id film is more than 863,004?
Which film starred Kim Richards, and was edited by Billy Fox?
Who was an influence to Eleanor Roosevelt and was the US president during World War 2?
Who is the current governor for the region that held the 20th Arizona Territorial Legislature in 2010?
Who was born in Limoges that inspired Monet?
What actor played dumbledore in Harry potter and recieved a nomination for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture – Drama award?
What is there to do where the film "An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn" was filmed this weekend?
Which countries ruled by Elizabeth II are in the caribbean?
In what county is the circulation area of the newspaper Brentwood Journal?
Which team did the person from the film about the 2006 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship play for?
What location of Whistler Mountain is the region represented by Pierre Trudeau?
In what films does the lyracist for "Panther Power" appear?
Which movie did Logan Lerman act in, that was directed by Guy Barnes?
What guitar was favored by the composer of "Heart-Shaped Box"?
Where was the composer of "Thought of You" raised?
From which college did the writer of "She's Everything" graduate?
Who is the wife of the person who said "Eat to please thyself but dress to please others."?
Where is the location of the film, "The Emperor's New Clothes" takes place, on a map?
Which football team has a return specialist, and Peyton Manning 's dad played for?
What location GA is famous for is the where the film "Tales of the Tinkerdee" takes place?
Which country is a main trading partner of China, and exports to Ethiopia?
What currency is used in the country where Brasserie des Franches-Montagnes La Salamandre beer is produced?
What type of political system does Brazil have?
In what movies does the actor from "He's a Bully, Charlie Brown" play?
What movie with Gary Rizzo as a crew member was Taylor Swift in?
Which political experience did Abraham Lincoln have that is the same office held by a member of the Maine House of Representatives?
Which of the west Germanic languages are spoken in Indonesia?
What was Kim Richards in that was nominated for an award with the description "The Big Event"?
Of the universities where JRR Tolkein is an alumni, which one has the earliest founding date?
In the country where the Saek language is spoken, what languages were also spoken?
Who was influenced by Eugene Delacroix and inspired Monet?
What country does Turkey trade with that has the smallest calling code?
Of the colleges, that Harry S. Truman attended, which has the largest number of undergraduates?
Which county in Wellsville, Missouri has co2 emissions of 0.080677313?
Who rules the place where there is a governmental office holder named Ernesto Pérez Balladares?
What is the official language of the place where the Ukranian Levkoy breed originated in?
Which actor played Un ami d'Orphee and influenced the work of Jackson Pollock?
What spring training facitity is located in Mesa, Arizona and is used by the Chicago Cubs?
Who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg and ended the government position after 3-11-1877?
What movie is Tupac in with music by Stanley Clarke?
What religion includes a practicinf population in the United States and includes "Uchchhishta Ganapati" as a diety?
What is the place where the movie "Boycott" take place famous for?
What language is spoken where the Nyhedsavisen newspaper is distributed?
Who voices the character Meg in the tv show that has the theme song, "Family Guy Theme Song"?
What time zone is the neighborhood The Gulch Nashville, Tennessee in?
What language is share by Cyprus and the fictional universe Buffyverse?
What movie did the actor who played the character Jim Lovell won his first Oscar from?
What is the earliest released film Angelina Jolie directed?
What kind of money is used where the subject of the image "Los Andes" is found?
Which city of residence for Lauren Conrad was the birthpace of Jason Hill?
What did the artist which recorded I'm Not Anyone, die of?
What form of government is used in the place where the film "Defamation" is set?
Which award nominee in the 28th NAACP Image Awards dated Tupac Shakur?
From what college did the lyracist for "Ticks" graduate?
What college found in Greeley, Colorado has the fewest undergraduates enrolled?
What Portuguese speaking country has Mongolian as a spoken language?
What form of government is in place where Talysh is spoken?
What movie written by Mark Bomback was Kim Richards in?
If you are in the country where you can order a Cerveceria Bucanero Mayabe beer what form of currency would you need?
What voice of Lola Bunny was the executive producer of "Girl Most Likely"?
Who did the author who published editions for The Correspondence of Charles Darwin, Volume 12 married to?
Who does the subject of the image, Joakim Noah3 play for?
Which movie featuring the song "Bet" was Miley Cyrus in?
Which university attended by John F. Kennedy has fewer than 6700 undergraduates?
What are the languages spoken in the country that speaks Cypriot Maronite Arabic?
What is the name of the Prime Minister of Ethiopia?
Of the countries in Eastern Europe, which has the smallest country calling code?
Which of China's main trading partners have total populations below 9881783?
What other languages should I learn when I visit the place where Bokmål is a spoken language?
The artist nominated for Norwood attended which college?
In which films decorated by Karen O'Hara did Adam Sandler appear?
Where is the end of the river that flows through Limerick?
Which countries included in Oceania, had a population of less than 523000?
What neighbor of Germany has a country calling code of 31?
What Logan Lerman movie was produced by John Lesher?
What type of guitar was played by the composer of "Creperie (Parodie de Rape Me)"?
Where do the Houston Rockets play basketball, that opened after 1975?
In what years have the Dodgers won the World series?
What language is spoken where Boon Rawd Singha Lager beer is made?
What movie with music by Trevor Rabin was Kim Richards in?
Which is the best currency to take to the location 2013, in which the newspaper, Akhbar el-Yom is circulated?
Which movies does Taylor Lautner act in, that was produced by the company, Columbia Pictures?
What country is the location in Jojo's bizarre adventure and speaks Germanic languages?
What movie produced by Chris Columbus did Adam Sandler play in?
What school did the artist of "Some Days" attend?
What Taylor Lautner movie falls into the cartoon pornography genre?
Who was the award nominee in the 32nd Annual Grammy Awards who voice of Jack Skellington?
What is the there to do and see where the Kronen Zeitung newspaper is circulated in Austria?
What is the type of money used where the Cubalaya breed is from?
Of JFK 's many brothers, who's person's date of death is earliest?
What is the earliest movie directed by Angelina Jolie?
Which college did Harry S. Truman attend, that has the largest number of postgraduates?
Who was the voice of Lola Bunny and was nominated in the Gotham Independent Film Award 2009?
What is the earliest film Taylor Swift starred in?
Which language does the people from the location where the breed, Hertha Pointer, originated speak?
Which magazine did Edgar Allan Poe work for, with the earliest publication start date?
What area is the Dominican Republic part of that has a population of 37,582088?
What movies with a netflix_id over 60024930 is Adam Sandler in?
Where did the person that stated, "College isn't the place to go for ideas.", die at?
Which show does Tamera Mowry act on, where the TV program "thetvdb_id", is greater than 75171?
What is the official language of the country that has the position title Acting Prime Minister of Ukraine?
What school Jennifer Hudson attended had the earliest organizational founding date?
Which of Anne Hathaway's parents was in the movie "The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement"?
The subject of the movie Tupac: Hip Hop Genius dated whom?
For what publications did the person about whom the movie "The Death of Poe" was made work?
What movie did Ron Howard direct with the largest Netflix ID?
What should I do when I visit Sacramento, CA and go to the street address 216 O St.?
Which movie has Charlie Hunnam been in, and the music was by John Tavener?
What is the currency used in Costa Rica?
Where did Kevin Hart attend university, that has more than 27,725 undergraduates?
What does the religion who has a deity "The Father" call their God?
Which artist who passed away from a heart attack influenced Jackson Pollock's work?
Through what states does the body of water that flows under South Canon Bridge run?
What county does the place with San Antonio City Council located in?
What system of government is employed where the Peruvian sol is used?
Who exactly is the artist nominated for awards for "Christmas (2011)"?
Which person who held a position in the United States Department of the Navy was president of the United States during World War 2?
What are the cause of death of the subject of the film Dale?
What wars in which France has been involved are events that ended later than 28 July 1809?
Which film featured Yarrow Cheney as a production designer and Taylor Swift as an actress?
Which peer of Alexander Calder influenced the work of Jackson Pollock?
What is the current type of government in the country where BGI Lager beer is made?
What city near the Grand Canyon was an American football player born in?
What sports championship did the Celtics win with the results of 4-1?
Where does the plot of the film Tupac: Hip Hop Genius originate from?
What is the primary religion practiced in the governmental jurisdiction that includes the governmental body Knesset?
Where did Lauren Conrad live, and is the location that a person with the date of birth on March 2,1954 was born?
What's the name of the author, who published the Poor Richard's Almanac of 1735, wife?
What's the official language of the Ukraine, that was featured in the work, Oblomov?
In what country was the film adaptation "The Diary of Anne Frank" filmed?
Where did the person who was quoted saying "Nothing pains some people more than having to think," killed?
Where is Wellsville located and is where a location symbol was adapted in 1997?
What TV characters does Seth Macfarlane voice?
What college in Greeley, Colorado has 40 undergraduates?
What is the language spoken in Australia that has the initials EO?
What type of paintings featured in "Toolbox" did Frida Kahlo paint?
What Charlie Hunnam work has a netflix_id that's larger than 60031289?
In which city, was the artist that recorded,Cheers (Drink to That), born at?
Who was the Methodist governor of Ohio in 2011?
Whence was the composer of "Lucid Dreams"?
In which country did Seal and the Victoria's Secret Party Host get married?
Which of the films featuring Adam Sandler is about Christmas?
What form of government is used by both Australia and the birthplace of Emanuel Lasker?
What language spoken in Norway has the initials sma?
Who died on 7-26-1875 that influenced Jackson Pollock?
What was the movie produced by Dr. Dre and acted in by Tupac?
Where did the author of "Business @ the Speed of Thought" graduate from high school?
What location in Eastern Europe had Old East Slavic as an official language?
When was the last time the Dodgers won the world series?
What movie starring Logan Lerman that the costumes were designer by Arianne Phillps?
What's the national anthem, of the location that has a governmental office holder, Yury Chaika?
What movies were directed by the nominee for the London Film Critics Circle for Actress of the Year award?
What is the official language of the Ukraine with the initials SQI?
What university did drew Brees attend with more than 856 postgraduates?
Out of the countries with territories in Oceania, which has the smallest number of people in their army?
What was the name of music producer of The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory in juice?
What language is spoken in Indonesia and the fictional universe the Tortall Universe?
Where was the artist that recorded, Love the Way You Lie, raised at?
What was the team of the actor who acted in NHL: All Access! ?
Where did the author of "To Kill a Mockingbird" go to high school?
What university with 3708 postgraduates did Tennessee Williams attend?
Which Taylor Swift movies had costumes designed by Diana Cilliers?
Where was the artist who recorded "The Dark of the Matinee" from?
The name of the place where the location of the film "House of Wax" comes from where?
What structure that was opened after 1997 that the Chicago Cubs play at?
How many artists recorded the song, We’re Gonna Make It?
To which setting of the movie "Legends of the Fall" does Japan export?
To what group does Aubrey O'Day belong?
In the city where the Royal Thai government gazette is circulated, what languages are spoken?
Which country in the caribbean region has the largest army?
Which college Harry S. Truman attended has the earliest organization founding date?
Of the countries in the Caribbean region, which one has the largest ISO numeric number?
Where did the writer of "Letter to Me" graduate college?
Which movies does Logan Lerman act in, that was made in Germany?
Which three languages do the people speak, from the governmental body that is named Danish Ministry of Taxation?
What is a popular sport in Spain that was also an award nominee in the 2011 Laureus World Sports Awards?
What country does Japan export to that has a GDP deflator change rate of -0.61?
What political system is used in the geographic region where there's a governing body called Council of Representatives of Iraq?
What celebtiries did Brad Pitt date with their romantic relationships ending prior to 1993?
Which of JFK's brothers is a politician who held his political job until 6 June 1968?
What movies does the subject of the image "Empire9.jpg" play in?
In the country where the movie, The carbon collective takes place, what currency would be used?
When did the sports team whose home arena is M&T Bank Stadium win the Super Bowl?
Where is Belgium and is also the place in the fictional universe of Mortal Engines?
What movie with the casting director Margery Simkin did Charlie Hunnam appear in?
Who is the person who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg who died the latest?
What Oceania country is the birthplace of Vicki Buck?
What is the currency used in the country where Brahma Bock beer is produced?
Which Chinese dialect belongs to the Sino-Tibetan language family?
In the movie Juice, what character did the focal character in the image Meagainsttheworld play?
Which countries speak the Germanic languages, and is where Jordy Mervilde was born?
Which of Walt Disney's kids was the last to pass away?
Which movies has Miley Cyrus been in, where the cinematography was by Philippe Rousselot?
What language is used in Denmark and fictional universe Heroes in Hell?
What is the national anthem of the country where Pivzavod AO Vena Nevskoye Light beer is made?
What country with the calling code 373 is in Eastern Europe?
Who was vice president when the actor who played in the movie "Bill Clinton" His Life" was in office?
What language is spoken by the people in the image Jews2?
What form of money is used in the country where Omagua is a spoken dialect?
Who served as Vice-President under the political appointee who held the title Comptroller General of the United States?
What Caribbean country has calling code 590?
What was the first book written by the author of "The Cricket on the Hearth"?
Which language does the ethnicity group that includes Venezuelan Jews, speak?
Where was the person raised who recorded "Happy Birthday, Mr. President"?
What movies featuring Taylor Swift are films that were released after 8 April 2009?
Which university with the smallest number of postgraduates did Tennessee Williams attend?
What drama movies did Tupac play in?
Which four countries that make up the United Kingdom, is a location where the film A Star Is Born was taped?
Who was buried in Mound Cemetery that was the governor of Ohio in 2011?
Which movies did Adam Sandler act in, and is in the English Language?
What is the earliest film that Logan Lerman played in?
What kind of guitar did the composer of "The Confessor" play?
Which Eastern European country has emissions per capita in dated metric ton of 0.77767?
Which language do they speak in Indonesia, its main speaking country is the Kingdom of Great Britain?
Where did the actor, that was the character, Brumhilda, and Seal get married at?
Who inspired Scott Fitzgerald that died the earliest?
What movie that Jon Hutman was a production designer for did Angelina Jolie direct?
What is the modern name of the location, where the Chausie breed originated?
What form of currency is used in the country that includes the government position Member of the Swiss Federal Council?
What county is the "Orlando Business Journal" circulated in?
Which college publishes the Sycamore review hournal and includes football player Drew Brees as an alumni?
Who played Barbara Gordon Batgirl and was born in England?
Which country with a neighborhood called Al Barsha does Japan export to?
What professions were held by the writer of "Hungarian Rhapsody no. 7 in D minor, S. 244 no. 7?"?
Which movies who Adam Sandler play in had costumes designed by Rita Ryack?
Who were the inspirations of the author of "This Side of Paradise?"?
Which are all the movies the person who wrote the lyrics for "Long Live", has been in?
Where is the jurisdiction where Bert T. Combs holds a government office?
Which disease does the actor, that was the character, Jay-Jay Manners have?
What language is spoken in Denmark that is a member of the Germanic languages family?
In which three countries do people speak Portuguese, that has an ISO numeric of greater than 132?
Which other languages are spoken where Mapudungun language is spoken?
Who died in Jerusalem and was the child of King Solomon?
The country where Jamaican English is spoken would need me to take what type of money?
What type of music Mozart composed was featured in the movie "Aida"?
What government system is used in the jurisdiction where the First Vice-President of Iran is located?
Which dramas have Charlie Hunman appeared in?
What is the official language of the Ukraine, and is also the main speaking language in Hungary?
What Eastern European country is the subject about which the speaker Gregor Belkovsky talked?
Who has dated the actor from "A Stoning in Fulham County"?
Who is JFK's brothers that  are lawyers?
What countries in Oceania, that have the emissions per capita in dated metric ton of 0.091351?
In what events ending prior to 3 February 2008 did the Giants win the Super Bowl?
What movie did Taylor Lautner star in with cinematography by Dean Semler?
What university has 463 postgraduates and is the university Jennifer Hudson attended?
Which of the regions included in the United Kingdom is governed by the Scottish government?
Which movie has Charlie Hunnam been in, and the cinematography was by Dick Pope?
What is the real name of the celebrity that had a romance end after 1991 and played Vito Corleone?
What movies have both Miley Cyrus and Cynthia Nixon played in?
Which movie has Charlie Hunnam been in, and is from Italy?
What is the currency of the place where Brazilian Portuguese is spoken?
Of the countries that border Germany, which country has an iso alpha 3 of CHE?
What Eastern European country has an iso 3166-1 alpha-3 of MD?
What language abbreviated ell is the primary tongue spoken in Greece?
What countries in Oceania have an official symbol of their state trees?
Where was the childhood home of the artist who recorded "I'll Be"?
Who dated the award nominee in the Toronto Film Critics Association in 2001?
In which world series did the Giants win 4 to 1?
What movies featuring Taylor Swift have been releaed to the distribution medium of DVD?
Which movies featuring Miley Cyrus have involved the Toonsplainers organization?
Which tv program on which Tamera Mowry played has the most seasons?
What did the subject of the movie "Lisztomania" do to earn money?
Where did the topic of the film, Frost/Nixon pass away at?
What school, with a founding date in 1636, did President Kennedy attend?
What is the type of government in the country where the Deputy Minister of Defense of Israel serves?
What type of religion in the United States was influenced by Sam Harris?
On what continent that includes Belgium was Maryline Blackburn born?
What type of government is used in the country where Talysh language is spoken after 1979?
Of the films in which Kim Richards acted, which was released latest?
What school did the artist award nominated for This I remember go to School attend?
What country is the trading parter of China and has Leftcourt National Building?
What language is spoken in the country where Faxe premium beer is made?
What movie was Taylor Swift in that Billy Ray Cyrus was also in?
What are the official languages of the place where the Poltava breed originated?
What location with co2 emissions of 2.801971519 is home to Lala Anthony?
What religion is practiced by the actor who player the movie character Vincent Lauria?
What movie whose production design was by Linda DeScenna did Adam Sandler play in?
What is the timezone of Boonville Township, Cooper County, Missouri?
Who retired from their government position after 03/03/1801 and founded New York University?
What is the spoken language in British that is the language found in fictional univers "The Tortall Universe"?
Who was the governor of Arizona in 2009, that held their government position until 1998?
What state does the Colorado River run through that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol that was adapted on November 16, 1861?
Who inspired Scott Fitzgerald, that passed away on January 20,1900?
Where did the author who published "The Story of My Life" die?
What currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes the position Member of the Congress of Guatemala?
What instruments are played by the artist of "#Thatpower"?
What college did the person who said "In memory everything seems to happen to music" attend?
What nation within Eastern Europe has the smallest ISO numeric number?
Which actress from "Jem and the Holograms" has dated Brad Pitt?
Which location is where the music producer that produced,The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory, from originally?
What setting of the fictional universe Tempus Unbound is bisected by the Missouri River?
Which of JFK's brothers died on 06-06-1968?
In what movie does Logan Lerman play that was written by Darren Aronofsky?
Which actor portrayed both Dumbledore and Badger?
What movie by Ron Howard that was released after 9-26-2000?
What languages are spoken in the place where there's the District Court?
In what time zone is the location where the movie "Saw V" takes place?
To which country with a location of 1000 Town Center does Japan export?
Which state has the official symbol of "Cornus Florida" and has the Missouri river flowing throgh it?
Which film was nominated for an award with the description, "Outstanding Director - Motion Picture", and Charlie Hunnam was in?
What region includes Belgium as well as the Lyon–Saint-Exupéry Airport?
What movie written by David Spade was Adam Sandler in?
Which defunct American League West team was later known as the Los Angeles Angels?
What are the names of all the movies that the artist who recorded Long Live has appeared in?
What super bowls were won by the Giants prior to February 5, 2012?
What type of painting, influenced by Marquis de Sade, were done by Frida Kahlo?
What country is the subject of The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert and also owns territory in Oceana?
What is the title of the book written by the United States Secretary of the Air Force?
Which country bordering Franch has a GDP deflator change rate of 0.05?
What were the real profession of the actress that played the character Julia, the Waitress?
Where did the political appointee who held the title White House Staff Assistant pass away?
What County with Wellsville Missouri as downtown has 0.003572302 as its total Industrial CO2 emissions rate?
Which film directed by Angelina Jolie was released on December 22, 2011?
Who is the coach of the sports team that plays at Pitt Stadium?
What form of government Bolivia and the US share?
What is the name of the queen played by Donald Pelmear in "Hair?"?
Which sequel of Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo featured Adam Sandler?
What country bordering France that has Canton of Uri as a second level devision?
Which language spoken in Chile is a member of the Polynesian language group?
Where does the Prime Minister of Denmark live?
What actor played DUmbledore in Harry Potter and produced Echoes of a Summer?
Which show starring Tamera Mowry has the longest run time?
The person who famously said "Yes we can!" represents what political party?
Which teams in the American League West were founded prior to 1966?
Which venue where the Chicago cubs play has a capacity of 12500?
What is the earliest founded college that Russell Wilson attended?
What movie did Ron Howard do that was part of the "American Graffiti" series?
Who held a position in the New York State Senate and was President of the United States during WWII?
What characters are voiced by the voice of Stan Smith?
What university attended by James Baldwin has more than 6735 undergraduates enrolled?
In which location of the event On With the Show Tour do the Houston Rockets play basketball?
What language is used in the place where the Danish Sport Pony breed comes from?
What movie featured Taylor Lautner and has an episode run time larger than 22?
Who was the president of the United States during World War 2 that started his governmental position after January 2, 1939?
Of the people who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg, who has the earliest date of death?
What country has an Iso alpha 3 of SDN and has Japan exporting to it?
What currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where Ruth Dreifuss holds a governmental office?
What is the name of the actor who played Vito Corleone and was nominated for an award at the 38th Golden Globe Awards ceremony?
What is the government type currently used in Japan and previously used in Austria-Hungary?
What is the birthplace of the composer of "Papa'z Song"?
Who is the wife of the author of Poor Richard's Almanac of 1757?
To what political party does the author of Dreams from My father belong?
What type of money is spent in the country where the government includes the position title Second Vice-President of Costa Rica?
Which Eastern European country has Sungurlare municipality as a second level devision?
In what film does Taylor Lautner and the song Love Will Take You appear?
What opened in 1982 in Laughlin, Nevada?
Who is the celebrity which dated Scarlett Johansson whose relationship ended in 2006.?
What are the name of the countries with territories in Oceania with an administrative department in the United States?
What film as produced by W. Stewart Campbell and featured Kim Richards?
What type of music did the composer of Deux danses pour Harpe, L. 103 do?
What is the attraction to see in Hollywood with the street address of 6801 Hollywood Blvd.?
Which war in which France has been involved ended last?
What form of government is currently used in the place where the movie "Vietnam, Long Time Coming" takes place?
What eastern European country has German as its official language?
What was the year that the Baltimore Ravens won the Superbowl over the San Francisco 49er's?
What country in the Caribbean has the official symbol as the Ceiba Pentandra?
Who was the 2010 Governor of the state that houses the United States Bankruptcy Court, District of Arizona?
Which countries border the home of V Bird Airlines?
What location did the artist Seal and the actress feature in the film MTV: Uncensored: Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue 2001 get married?
Which country is the fictional universe Captain Pugwash that is also included in Oceania?
What text is on the yellow river map and also the sacred text of Daoism?
What is the University which Professor Charles Xavier and JRR Tolkien both attended?
What is the title of the national Anthem for the nation with the government which includes the title Prosecutor General of Russia?
What attraction opened in 1279 and can be visited in Vienna Austria?
What German-speaking countries have a country calling code lower than 37?
Which founder of New York University died first?
Which movies with a Netflix ID greater than 70068848 have starred Miley Cyrus?
What currency was used in the French Third republic and was the currency of France until it was replaced by the Euro?
Which university attended by Tennessee Williams has the largest number of undergraduates?
In which county is Orlando Weekly circulated?
What can be done in the place with the largest venue capacity in Hollywood, California?
The subject of the film Gore Vidal's Lincoln had what political experience?
What year was the winning game of the World Series played in the  sports stadium called AT&T park?
Who was both a peer of George Orwell and an inspiration to Scott Fitzgerald?
What movie directed by John Singleton did Taylor Lautner play in?
What is the official flower of the state where the Hawaii Senate resides?
Which Danny Kallis movies have stared Miley Cyrus?
Which college attended by Paul Ryan was founded after 1809?
What is the name of the currency where the Superior Electoral Court is located?
Which residence of Lauren Conrad has the smallest GNIS feature ID?
What languages are spoken in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named Manuel Altagracia Cáceres?
What Country with the "National Council" as an Official body shares a border with Germany?
What Kim Richards films have film netflix_id numbers lower than 70037542?
What Cartoon pornography movie did Ron Howard do?
Where in Hollywood can you go and be in a venue with a capacity of fewer than 3401?
Where did the author of Poor Richard's Almanac of 1757 grow up?
What location of Wellsville, MO is the governmental jurisdiction that adapted its location symbol earliest?
What movie debuted in 2009 with CPH:PIX and feature Miley Cyrus?
What Portuguese-speaking country has an International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 3166-1 alpha-3 code AGO?
Where was the "Still D.R.E." lyricist raised?
What government system does Poland use that Nelson Mandela has talked about?
Who was the founder of New York University who had the position in the 3rd United State Congress?
What movies featuring Taylor Swift were released prior to April 8, 2009?
Which movie featuring Charlie Hunnam has the largest Netflix ID?
Which university attended by Charles Drew has fewer than 19672 postgraduates?
Who was president during the battle of Vicksburg?
What country produces the Pilsner Urquell beer and borders Germany?
Where is the center of the Roman Empire and the birthplace of the character Marius e Romanus?
In what location which was the setting of the Raid on Yarmouth does Jason Statham live?
What did the main character of the movie Robert Falcon Scott: The Race to the Pole die from?
What are the names of the kids nominated for an Artist Award for "Donald's Crime"?
What movie does Taylor Lautner play in with Shaquille O'Neal?
What largest GNIS feature ID is where Lauren Conrad lived?
What modern language is spoken in the country where Egyptian Arabic is a spoken language?
What location with the GNIS ID 1662328 is where Lauren Conrad lived?
The official symbol of this time zone is Si quaeris peninsulam amoenam circumspice usa.?
Which schools attended by President Kennedy were founded before 1890?
What is the currency in the country where the Brazilian cruzado is also used?
What is the latest movie that Logan Lerman played in?
What tourist attractions are located where the Maltese lira is currency?
What is the name of the facility where the Chicago Cubs and Mesa Solar Sox play?
What stop motion films was Adam Sandler in?
What timeone includes Booneville Township, Cooper County Missouri and parts of the state of Michigan?
What films featuring Tupac were released after February 14, 1995?
What currency is used in the country where Tinima Superior beer is made?
What film was Taylor Swift in that Shelby Young was a crew member on?
What countries share a border with the birth country of Jean Marie Ghuysen, France?
When did the sports team who calls Hilltop Park home last win the World Series?
What type of music was featured in the album "Nightingale" that Claude Debussy play?
Where is Belgium located whose government has a position title of Member of Parliament?
In which of the seven countries making up Central America are there fewer than 1100 people in the country's army?
For what involving ending leading a religious organization was Antonio Vivaldi known?
What tv program starring Tamera Mowry has more than 13 episodes?
How did Franz List earn a living up until 1805?
Which world series was won by the team that participated in the 2010 Major League Baseball season?
What cities are in Maricopa County near the Grand Canyon?
What place where fictional character Dorothy Gale is bisected by the Missouri river?
What is the occupation of the lyracist for "800?"?
What genres of music were played by the composer of  D'un cahier d'esquisses, L. 99?
The leading actor in the movie Top Gun 2 is a member of what religion?
What defunct sports team later known as the Tennessee Oilers did Peyton Manning 's dad play for?
What was the place of death of the person who wrote the lyrics to "Stoke It Noel"?
What colleges and universities did President Kennedy attend?
Which tv movie with a run time of 120 minutes was made by ron howard?
What is the origin of the Roman language that is a part of the family Church Slavonic language?
Which university with 5358 postgraduates did Harry S Truman attend?
Which Angelina Jolie-directed film was a romantic drama?
Which trading partners of China have fewer than 86000 members in their army?
Film released in the States in which Taylor Lautner played a part.?
What film featuring Kim Richards was released last?
The subject of the film Obama Anak Menteng has a degree in what area?
What tv show features Tamera Mowry and has a program "tvrage_id" lower than 5379?
What "Captain Glenn" actor did Scarlett Johansson date?
Which country who trades with Japan has a country calling code of 249?
What movies has the artist who recorded Come Get It Bae been in?
Who has been nominated for the the New York Film Critics Circle Special Award?
What is the type of government held by the country in which Danny Danon holds office?
Which sports are popular in Spain, and what is the name of the team that plays in Donostia/San Sebastian?
What movie with a prequel called "Beyond Witch Mountain" did Kim Richards star in?
Which states bisected by the Missouri River have governmental jurisdiction location symbols adapted after 1933?
What is the most recent movie to be released by Angelina Jolie?
What is Miley Cyrus' most recently distributed film?
What film was drirected by Kim Davis and featueed Adam Sandler as an actor?
What were the names of the brothers of the man to whom "Happy Birthday, Mr. President" was sung?
What film had Tobin Armbrust as a producer and featured Miley Cyrus?
What religious figure spoke about spirituality and is worshipped by the Catholics?
For what magazine that began production prior to 1844 did Edgar Allan Poe work?
Where is the person who composed Still Ballin' originally from?
What Superbowl game did the giants win with a sports championship result of 20-19?
What politicains serves as Vice President under the Presidnet who quoted "Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them."?
What is the national anthem for the country of origin for  Bochkarev Krepkoe beer?
What city has a located ID less than 1783503 and is home to Lala Anthony?
What style paintings - such as those by Frida Kahlo - are featured in the film The Golden Age?
Which wars have France been in that had a force size of 14000?
Which country in eastern Europe has the ISO Alpha 3 code MDA?
What is the capital city of the area which the Kukmin libo newspaper is circulated?
Who was the US President during the WW2 whom Erich Wolfgang Korngold dedicated his work to?
What university attended by J.R.R. Tolkien has the largest number of undergraduates?
What kind of guitar did the recording artist for "Life in the Fast Lane" play?
What country is in the Caribbean with a country calling code higher than 590?
What exhibit venue with an opening on 10/20/09 is a notable place to see and experience in Vienna, Austria?
What German-speaking country has an iso alpha 3 of AUT?
What award winning movie was directed by angelina jolie?
What continent is the Federal Government of Belgian located on?
Where was the birthplace of the main character of Avril Lavigne: The Life of a Rock Pop Star?
What  country imports from Japan and has currency called Fiji?
What movie was written by Katherine Fugate and had Taylor Swift as an actor?
What is the form of government in the country where the Islamic Consultative Assembly is?
In what films does the artist nominated for Dear Mama appear?
What language does the nation that produces the beer Alfa Edel Pils speak?
What states are bisected by the Missouri River and have governmental jurisdiction location symbol that were adapted prior to 1933?
What is the name of the country with the German Democratic Republic where germanic languages are spoken?
What genres of music were favored by the lyacist for "Proses Lyriques?"?
WHat type of government is run in the nation that includes the second level division Monte Alto, São Paulo?
The song writer for "Oh the Last Frontier" worked for what magazine?
Who is the person who wrote the music for "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" and voiced Jack Skellington?
What American league west team features a Third baseman player?
What instruments can the actor from Fela in Concert play?
What films starring Logan Lerman were released prior to January 22, 2004?
What films have featured the composer of Holy Ground?
What business did the person who stated "All honor's wounds are self-inflicted" head?
Which movie that was cast by Cathy Sandrich was Miley Cyrus in?
What are the movies that had Tupac in them and which were filmed in New York City?
What occupations were held by the person who stated "Everything I know I learned after I was thirty?"?
In which continent does the governmental jurisdiction of the member whose title is the Member of Legislative Assembly of the Falkland Islands reside in?
What are the names of the children of the publishing author of "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves"?
Who is the area around the Melbourne Observer named after?
In the country whch contains the second level division La Union, what form of currency is used?
What is the main religion of the country where the Old Israeli sheckel is circulated?
In which city with the largest GNIS feature ID does Lala Anthony reside?
What movie was produced by Gary Barber and featured Charlie Hunnam?
What country borders Germany and was where Thomas Lechner was born?
What university with the smallest number of postgraduates did Russell Wilson attend?
Which major religion of the US appears in the movie "A Force Called Favor?"?
Which movies that Adam Sandler appeared in have been released on DVD?
What is the state flower of the state that uses the Reef Triggerfish as an official symbol?
Which of the universities attended by Paul Ryan has the smallest number of undergraduates?
What Canadian administrative division where Whistler Mountain located?
Which country to which Japan exports has the smallest population?
What forms of government are in place in the Federal Government of Brazil?
What is the most common religion in the country with the Supreme Court of Israel as a court?
What venue has a capacity of more than 16285 and is where the Houston Rockets play?
What nation has an official symbol of Coqui and is located in the Caribbean?
What kind of government does the the place where the breed the Peruvian Paso originated in?
Which Taylor Lautner film had its costumes created by Michael Wilkinson?
What movies released prior to April 13, 1986 were done by Ron Howard?
What country has an official symbol of Intsia bijuga and is a part of Oceania?
What is the hometown of the official with the title Collector of the Port of Philadelphia?
What currency is accepted in the country where Quechuan is spoken?
Which Portuguese-speaking country is the home of fictional character Chun-Li?
What movies has a TV episode running time of 60 minutes and featured Taylor Lautner?
Which characters are portrayed by the voice of Lois Cummings?
What money has the image of the Brazil Flag?
What movie whose production designed by John B. Mansbridge starred Kim Richards?
What fantasy movies does Taylor Lautner play in?
What country with whom Turkey trades has an ISO numeric lower than 012?
Who authored "Because I Got a Girl name in juice"?
What forms of government are used in the country where the  Brazilian cruzado novo is circulated?
Which Taylor Lautner movie has a tvrage_id of 20997?
What birthplace of Abdulkarim al-Khaiwani is a main trading partner of China?
What body of water does the river that flows under the living bridge flow into?
What movie, decorated by Lesley Beale, does Talor Lautner star in?
What is the time zone that includes the state of Michigan and the area near Venice Municipal Airport?
What movie from Japan did Taylor Lautner starred in?
Which movie featuring Charlie Hunnam was released most recently?
Who are the children of the main character in "The Biggest Little Star of the Thirties?"?
What film included the song "Just Like your Tenderness" in the soundtrack and feautre Charlie Hunnam?
Charlie Hunnam has starred in what film about soccer?
Which politician began their position in government before 1875-10-19 and fought in the battle of Vicksburg?
What characters are voiced by the lyracist for "Everybody Needs a Best Friend?"?
Which Eastern European countries have an ISO smaller than 498?
Which governor had the official symbol of Ditat Deus in 2009?
What types of government are used in the Government of Peru?
What films were produced by Steven Peterman and included Taylor Swift as one of the actresses?
For the story of the story of the film Arterial, what inspired Scott Fitzgerald to write it?
What countries border German and which one has a nominal GDP per capita of 36,000?
Which of the US Presidents during World War 2 was the last to serve during that war?
Which countries in Eastern Europe have a country calling code larger than 359?
What kind of guitar was used by the lyracist for "Help Me Make It Thru the Night?"?
What event occurred in Dunkirk during WWII with a force size less than 800000?
What language has the initials jv and is spoken in Indonesia?
In which time zone that has a UTC offset of -6 hours is Texas located?
In which films does the composer of Papa'z Song appear?
Who dated the artist who recorded  Beccause I Got a Girl?
Which place near the Grand Canyon is the birthplace of a man with the same name?
The government jurisdiction, that held the legislative session of the First Valls Government, was involved in which wars?
Which film debuted at the 2012 9º Syfy Festival and featured Taylor Swift?
What Angelina Jolie directed film was released on 2007-04-27?
What is the language of the second level division Ouanaminthe Arrondissement location?
Jack Giarraputo produced what movie that stars Taylor Lautner?
Which magazines published the work of Edgar Allan Poe prior to 1848?
Which country borders Germany and was ruled by Eric of Pomerania?
What degree is held by the public speaker who spoke about energy development?
What European country was conquered during the battle of Czenski?
The actor that  portrayed the character Pawn Shop Employee attended which school?
Which country has a GDP deflator change of rate of -5.06 and speaks a germanic language?
What type of government is used in both France and Abkhazia?
What was the last World Series won by the team whose home arena is AT&T Park?
who founded new york university and  held the position of Cabinet Secretary?
Who was the Vice President when the actor who portrayed Lt. Jimmy Saunders was president?
What type of music is featured in the Epica album and was commonly written by Vivaldi?
Who dated the recording artist for Coteau Guidry?
What movies starring Logan Lerman were released after April 30, 2004?
What fantasy movies has Logan Lerman been in?
What movies with netflix_id higher than 70097541 did Adam Sandler play in?
In what year did the Dodgers sweep the World Series with a 4-0 record?
In what films featuring Tupac did Keith Brian Burns do the production design?
In which movie featuring Taylor Swift did designer Gary Jones design the costumes?
Who is the current king of the Government of Cambodia?
What actor who is the voice of Jack Skellington, and also played in the film My Sassy Girl?
In which time zone is the setting for the movie  "Final Twist of Fate?"?
What medical condition ended the life of the actor featured as the character Morris Fenderbaum?
What popular sports team in Spain has a Defender as a position on it's roster?
What President of the United States during WWII ended his governmental position prior to 18 January 1940?
What German Language movie starred  Kim Richards?
Of the movies in which Taylor Swift has appeared, which has the smallest film netflix_id?
Befre the Euro was adapted, what the the monetay unit used in the country where the film "Amen" takes place?
To what political party does the public speaker who spoke about energy development belong?
What Taylor Swift movies are the same genre as The True Story of the Three Little Pigs?
What movie starring Adam Sandler was filmed in New York City?
Where did the composer of She's Everything grow up?
Who was nominated for the Best Instrumental Composition Grammy and also did the voice for Jack Skellington?
What language is spoken by the people who live in the place that is the setting for the film "Holland Carries On?"?
What language is spoken in the region where the Nyhedsavisen newsprint is disseminated?
What Countries that share borders with France, have the government position title of Minister of State?
What French war has included the French invasion of Russia?
What Tamera Mowry tv show has a program "tvrage_id" largre than 3297?
What school did the actor who played Waldo's father graduate from?
Which language is used in the country that KEO beer is made in?
Who dated the award nominee for " A Love Song for Bobby Long?"?
Which country has R. Edward Gosnell as an office holder that is also where Whistler Mountain is located?
What year was the World Series won at Hilltop Park?
Which magazine, published until 1846, was the workplace of Edgar Allen Poe?
What was once the location for both the Roman Empire and The Taming of the Shrew?
Which of the four regions of the United Kingdom has a government office named "King of Arms?"?
What movies were directed by the actor in Angela & Viril?
What is the language spoken in Chile that was in "Beloved"?
Which of the films starring Taylor Lautner was released most recently?
What is the currency in the Government of Peru?
What Universal Studios movie starred Kim Richards?
What is the venue with the smallest capacity where the Houston Rockets play?
What movie with cinematography by Larry Banks did Tupac play in?
What language is spoken in both the fictional universe of Tortall and the country of Australia?
What movies were directed by the author of Notes from My Travels?
What city is near the Grand Canyon and still located in the United States?
Who played as Barney and also starred in the film Barney Live in New York City?
Which county circulates the Creative Loafing Charlotte newspaper?
What college did the Sesame Beginnings: Exploring Together actor attended?
What is F. Scott Fitzgerald known for?
What movie was Charlie Hunnam in that was directed by Stuart Rose?
What is the name of the Prime Minister who serves in the same government as Meles Zenawi?
The thing that influenced Jackson Pollock's work was also buried in Montjuic Cemetery, what was it?
What movie did Ron Howard do with cinematography was by Mark Irwin?
Find the Harry Potter movie that featured Darren Tough, who played Dumbledore in that film?
Who served in the 21st Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment that also fought in the battle of Vicksburg?
What is the major language spoken in Greece and spoken in addition to Latin in the Roman Empire?
When did the team that calls AT&T Park home win the world series?
what is the movie with the longest running time that Ron Howard starred in?
Who does Queens hair on a film that James Jordan was a crew member on?
Who are the brothers of the anti-apartheid public speaker?
The author of The Great Gatsby was inspired by what?
Which school did the person that said, "It is a very rare man who does not victimize the helpless," attend?
What field did the speaker during the 70th anniversary of D-Day and the Battle of Normandy have their college degree in?
Which of Charlie Hunnam's films was released earliest?
Which country that borders France as is encoded as AD under ISO 3166-1?
What movie about ancient Greek culture features Logan Lerman?
Which amusement park, with its Dragon's Den ride, is in downtown Sacramento?
What money is used where the Argentina peso ley is used?
What is the form of government where the Orloff chicken comes from?
What is the title of the thriller movie starring Taylor Lautner?
What structure in Downtown Sacramento opened in 1986?
What city did the artist who is the nominee for the Beat this Summer aware grow up in?
What device was independently invented both by Ben Franklin and Prokop Diviš?
Which countries have a calling code greater than 682 and have territories in Oceania?
What inventions did the politician who was appointed to his position by the contonental congress create?
What Portuguese speaking countries also have a position of Second Vice President?
What venue that holds 1152 is there to see in Hollywood, CA?
Does anyone know the type of economy used by the fighters of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956?
Which TV shows starring Tamera Mowry have fewer than 132 episodes?
In which shows does the actor who portrayed Cat Donovan appear?
What racing company is sponsored by Aflac?
What filem feature Charlie Hunnam and was produced by Jon Favreau filmography?
Which timezone includes the official symbol of Yule Marble?
What is the college with more than 14872 undergraduates that Paul Ryan attended?
Who won the 2010 Major league Baseball season World Series?
Which movie was released April 04 2008 and stars Taylor Swift?
What is there to see and do in the location where the Maltese breed originated?
Which movie did Taylor Swift star in that involved the National Film Board of Canada?
What Irvin Kershner directed movie was Kim Richards in?
Who was the sitting governor of the State hit by the cyclonic Tropical Storm Norma 2010?
What polotical party does the  current Associate Director, White House Office of Public Liaison represent?
Which country shares  Germany's borders also has an official government position title of the Ministry of Ecology, Sustainable Development and Energy?
In what location was the composer of Stop Standing there born?
To what political party did the 2012 State of the Union Address speaker belong?
What year did the Baltimore Ravens win the Superbowl against the New York Giants?
What school with the NCES school ID of 250315000417 did President Kennedy attend?
Which Eastern European country uses the language Abkhaz?
Who controls the second level division of the Boquerón District?
Who is in the movie that Aaron Tourigny was also in?
What is the money used where the Supreme Court of Peru is located?
Who was the Governor of Saguaro in 2009?
What language is spoken in the country which makes Leon Beer?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie that was produced by Legendary Pictures?
What religion has some practicers in the United States and was the religion featured in the film "the cup"?
What currency is used by the subject of the film Death in a Cornfied?
What did Martin Luther keep doing until the year 1849?
Who held the position through 1870-11-22 and fought in the Battle of Vicksburg?
What is the language spoken in the fictional "Buffyverse" and also spoke in Australia?
What fun attraction is located in Hollywood and is the same place that Tim Allen was inducted?
Which schools did the president who spoke about the Berlin Wall attend?
Who is the star of the film with the soundtrack Forgetting Sarah Marshall?
What movie starring Adam Sandler was released in 2002?
Who plays Moira on The L Word which has a theme song?
What 106.0 minute long movie did Taylor Lautner appear in?
Which company acquired the company located in the Columbia headquarters?
Which movie, released on October 30, 2001, featured Taylor Lautner?
What is the national anthem of the country where the people speak Chechen?
In the area where the newspaper Berlingske is circulated, what languages are spoken?
What did Martin Luther do after 1805 when no longer leading a religious organization?
Where is the Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z. producer originally from?
Who was the actor that played Jacob Black in the film that Dean G. Roberts was a part of?
What country has a title of President of the National council and shares it's borders with France?
Which Taylor Lautner movie had Rene Haynes as its casting director?
Which conlang type "Engineered language" is spoken in Canada?
What are the names of the child actors that that played in the film Shirley Temple: The Early Years?
What movie was Kim Richards in where the music was do by Leonard Rosenman?
What languages are spoken where "Shutter" takes place?
What do Catholics call their God and has said " It is written again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God"?
what celebrities did scarlett johansson have romantic relationships with that ended before 2006?
Who played Dumbledore in a film that had Mark Lambert as a crew member?
Which Attorney general fought in the battle of Vicksburg?
Which WW2 US President had a political appointer that was White House Chief of Staff?
What movie starring Adam Sandler was nominated for the "and his diapers" Award?
Which university did James Baldwin attend and has a total of 3565 postgraduates?
Which Charlie Hunnam film was released to Blu-ray disc?
Which countries speak Portugsese?
Which sports championship Super Bowl was won by the Giants with a final score of 17-14?
What was the economic system in the country where the Soviet ruble was the currency?
What are the languages of the country where HY Limfjordsporter beer is produced?
What region uses the Sterling as it's currency and is part of the UK?
What time zone is the location where the 1815 New England cyclone hit?
Which magazines employed the author of The cask of Amontillado?
What countries border the government jurisdiction held by the French Minister of the Economy, Finance and Industry?
What is near the Grand Canyon and is where a Wide Receiver Football player was born?
What is the true name of Vito Corleone and also played Deism?
What film that was released before 2005-10-25 was Kim Richards in?
What country borders Germany and has a calling code of 32?
Which Caribbean countries have a country calling code smaller than 590?
What currency do they use in the country where the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland adjudicates?
This 33rd president was the nation's leader during WW2.?
Which college was attended by the actor who played C.C. Ryder?
Is there anything to see near the Grand Canyon, and also the location in which Mike Bell was born?
What musical ensemble role did the celebrities with legal entanglements in Miami fill?
Where is the location of Whistler Mountain and under the governmental jurisdiction that held the legislative session of the 40th Parliament of British Columbia?
Who is governor for the region that has the Uinta Mountains as a landmark?
What fate did Adolf Hitler meet with at the end of WWII and is the subject of the film "Shrink"?
Where did the person who the film "San Paolo" is about grow up at?
What party did Andrew Jackson and Sally Yates belong to?
Which bordering country of Germany has  nomianal gdp of 279500000000.0?
What other movies did the Philosophy Club President actor also play in?
Find the location of the film Fan Chan, what language is spoken there?
Which political district has the governmental body Senate of Canada and the Whistler mountain?
What Portuguese-speaking country has the largest ISO numeric?
Which body of water would be a scenic place to visit near the Grand Canyon?
The producer who produced music for The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory dated who?
Who did Scarlett Johansson date that also wrote the music for "The Devil and the Deep Blue Sea"?
Who is the 75th Ranger Regiment solider, that did the voice of Darth Vader?
What David Blocker production was a movie starring Miley Cyrus?
What type of experience did the person who spoke publicly about Egalitarianism have?
What movie about George Hamilton features Logan Lerman?
What popular attraction near the Grand Canyon has a neighborhood named Maryvale?
What are movies that Adam Sandler from Saturday Night Live: The Best of Adam Sandler starred in?
what movie released before 2011-12-22 was directed by angelina jolie?
Who held Secretary of State after the Battle of Vicksburg?
What kind of government is used where the governmental jurisdiction includes a governmental body called Israeli Ministry of Defense?
What movie did Charlie Hunnam and Emily Lascelles appear in?
Where in Rome Italy that has the area code 0836?
What language spoken by Jewish people was featured in the work Middlemarch: A Study of Provincial Life?
It the flim that Margaret Pellegrini played in, who played the character dorothy?
What Adam Sandler movie was released on 2003-09-03?
who was the latest celebrity that brad pitt has had a romantic relationship that ended with?
What is the name of the artist who recorded '03 Bonnie & Clyde/Daddy's Daughters?
Where did the subject of the film "Black" pass away?
What language do they speak with the initials fy in the Netherlands?
What country that is a main trader with China is where Vicki Buck was born?
Out of all the wars France has been involved in, which one ended nearest to the end of July in 1809?
What does the political appointee, Associate Director, White House Office of Public Liaison, have a degree in?
What is the country with territories in Oceana that held the legislative session of the 33rd Australian Parliament?
What Indonesian language has the initials MLY?
The actor in Sammy Davis Jr.: Best of Live died from what cause?
What four regions, and is the political district with the governmental body European Parliament, make up the United Kingdom?
What does Icelandic sound like that is part of the language family Aragornese Language?
On which continent does Borduria lie, and also happens to be home to Belgium?
What is the last World Series that was won by the team whose arena stadium is Hilltop Park?
What countries boarder Germany that also have the United States Dollar as their currency?
In which country do people speak Portuguese where Barbara Starr was also born?
What "instrument" is played by the lyricist who wrote the song "All Around the World"?
Where is Adolf I, the Count of Mark's district located?
Which country that has a religious organization since 1966 did Turkey trade with?
Considering the play, Fela!, list the instruments played by the theatrical composer.?
What country was controlled by the political appointee who held the title Commander in Chief of Home Forces?
What 7 countries that were affected by the cyclone in Central America in October 2008?
Which person inspired Scott Fitzgerald and died on 1821-02-23?
What movies have starred the actor who was featured as the character "Digital Underground"?
In what States is Wellsville Missouri located, where John Wayland was born?
What university with postgraduate numbers of less than 3708 was also attended by James Baldwin?
Find the movies that had James William Visconti III as a crew member, which one featued Arnie Hammer and who did he play?
Who knows the birth place of the artist nominated for an award for I'm With You Born?
What actor who starred as Harry Potter's Dumbledore died in University College Hospital?
Which countries both contain the Delnita River and fall in Eastern Europe?
Who holds the title of the President of Ethiopia as the prime minister of the governmental jurisdiction?
What movies was Deborah Nadoolman Landis costume designer on which Tupac was in?
Who dated Tupac Shakur and produced the movie After Earth?
Which college, that owns the radio station WYAU, did Paul Ryan attend?
What NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Actress in a Drama Series nominee did Tupac Shakur date?
What government is ruled by Alexander Bustamante and what is the currency used?
What magazine did Edgar Allen Poe worked at that started February 1841?
What country has an internet top level domain of nl and borders Germany?
Where was the public speaker, known for speaking against Anti-Apartheid, raised?
What foreign drama did Angelina Jolie direct?
What are the names of the children of Shirley Temple that were born in Santa Monica?
What character do actors Seth Macfarlane and Artturi Laakso voice?
Where is the birthplace of the artist who recorded Best Years of Our Lives?
Who was the founder of New York University and was appointed to their political position by Thomas Jefferson?
Which country, with an army of 101,000, borders Germany?
Where is Whistler Mountain located, and does it include Sugar Mountain Ski Resort?
Who was the governor of the place where the fictional character "Bad Bill" lived in 2009?
What featured Kim Richards and was producted by Ann Marie Sanerlin?
What college was attended by the actor who played the character C.C. Ryder?
What language did L. L. Zamenhof invent that Australia uses?
What politician that held their position until February 28th, 1794 founded New York University?
Which Portuguese speaking country has a GDP deflator change rate of 1.5?
Which movies were directed by the actor that played Franky Cook?
What musical talent was used by the Young Hollywood Award Newcomer of the Year?
In which NBA championship did the Celtics win in a sweep of 4 games to 0.?
What type of political system includes the Superior Court of Justice?
Who influences Jackson Pollock and contributed to Wie man Wünsche beim Schwanz packt's story?
Where did the speaker of "Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent." obtain his/her education?
What is the name of Stewie Giffin's parent that Seth Macfarlane voices?
Who is the daughter of the producer of I Am...Sasha Fierce?
The nominee for the Bambi Courage award follows which religion?
Where is the country where Samaná English is spoken part of?
Which show, which has the smallest number of episodes, included Tamera Mowry as one of its actresses?
In which party were both Andrew Jackson and John Tidwell?
In the country where Obolon Zhigul beer is made, what is the official language?
What movie stars Donald Pleasence and Kim Richards?
What is the most recent movie that featured the star from the film A Fatal Desire?
Where do the Chicago Cubs play that is located at 1060 West Addison Street?
Find the sports team that calls AT&T Park, when was the last time they won a world series?
What is the Title of the national anthem for the country where the Vyakta horse breed originated in?
What magazine published contributions from Edgar Allan Poe had the earliest editorial tenure?
Who played the part that was born in Hill Valley's dad?
What language is used in the country where Faxe Premium beer was created?
What amusement park in the Sacramento, CA houses the Dragon's Den ride?
What movies feature the Blimp Award for Favorite Movie Star nominee?
What Genere Stop motion picture has starring Taylor Swift?
What celebrity who had a relationship end in 1989 has Brad Pitt dated?
Leonard Bernstein dedicated his work to a specific person. Where was that person born?
find the school colors of the university that publishes a periodical called Harvard Undergraduate Research Journal?
What event occured in Piedmont Heights, Atlanta, Georgia?
Before the Euro, what former currency of the German empire was used in France?
What Portuguese-speaking country was ruled by Philip III of Spain?
What country speaks Portuguese and has an ISO Alpha 3 of CHN?
Which actor, who played jacob black, starred in the movie with Gregory Tyree Boyce?
What degree is held by the 2012 State of the Union Address Speaker?
Which countries are located within the area that includes the Terekti District?
Typac Shakur dated someone who also was the executive producer of Free Angela and All Political Prisoners, who was she?
Name the politician that was named into their position by their spouse.?
What is the official language of Australia that in the Rosetta Project uses the code XLOJ?
What timezone was the Colorado election for United States Senate election in 2008?
What war involved both France and the German Empire?
What time zone is the place with neighborhood Flowing Wells located in?
What's the capital city of the place where the currency the South Korean won is used?
What eastern European country has a government called National Assembly?
What Team founded in 1967 did Peyton Manning 's dad play for?
Who was the governor of Arizona in 2009 and stepped down from their government position after 1/21/2009?
Which John Chichester movie starred Adam Sandler?
Where is the state that houses the Kentucky Supreme Court located?
What timezone includes Michigan and the area surrounding the Tulsa International Airport?
Who played the character that was born in tatooine in Star Wars Episode 3?
What artist that created the art series the Three Musicicans influenced Jackson Pollock's work?
Who is the actor tha tplayed Hawkeye in the film starred by Katarzyna Ancuta?
Where is the childhood place of the celebrities who had a legal entanglement in Miami?
What was the influence for both Jackson Pollock's work and Gregory Bateson?
What was the last movie the actor, who played Jody Marken, was in?
What movie was done by Ron Howard and producted by William Edwin Self?
What movies with cinematography by Kieran McGuigan starred has Miley Cyrus?
The Colorado River and Overlook Hotel are both located in which state?
What happened to Dunkirk in WW2 and included the French Third Republic?
What movies edited by Michael Tronick starred Miley Cyrus?
Who led the military force that was involved int he Hungarian Revolution of both 1956 amd 1948?
Who appeared in the movie that Michael Flannery was in as a kid?
What movie, involving Ron Howard, involved Cirkus?
What University did Fox Mulder and JRR Tolkien go to?
What author  published editions for New Atlantis and what was his profession?
Which eastern European country was Ivaylo Zahariev born in?
What are the names of the children of the actor who plays Kathleen Davis?
Which Miley Cyrus film has the largest Netflix Id?
Who is the Catholic God and respected by actor Jesus Bonilla?
What movies by Cirkus has Miley Cyrus been in?
What type of language does Iclandic evolve from and does it originate from Church Slavonic?
Which country in oceania hosted a Government Position Held?
Who fought in the battle of Vicksburg and which member of government ended their position most recently.?
What eastern European country was the location of the film, "A Fold in My Blanket?"?
The city of Wellsville can be found where in the United States?
Which city was both where Nathan O. Kaplan was both and where Lala Anthony lives?
Which college in Greeley Colorado has the largest number of undergraduates?
What Currency is accepted in the Country that was involved in the military conflict know as the "Battle of Kulikovo"?
What other Arenas also welcome  the Sports Team that plays in Sloan Park Stadium?
What country with the official symbol, Intsia Bijuga is located in Oceania?
What artist was influenced by Hans Arp and was an influence to Jackson Pollock?
Is the religion of which Gautama Buddha is a founding figure also a type of religions are in the united states?
What movies in the same genre as Abracadabra was Adam Sandler in?
Where did the speaker for the March on Washington For Jobs and Freedom get his doctorate degree from?
What political system is in place where Nova Roma located?
Which religions are practiced in the country with type BS 546 power plugs?
What languages are in the location that has the second level division Cephalonia?
Who was the cinematographer in a movie directed by Angelina Jolie?
Who is the prime minister of the place where Ahmaric is the primary language spoken?
What languages do the people in the country that has Heemstede within it's borders speak?
What university has roughly 21176 undergrads and was Tennessee Williams Alma Mater?
What language, spoken by Jewish people, has the initials "es"?
What killed the artist who recorded The Candyman?
What award nominated movie did Ron Howard  with the description, "Based on the book by Dr. Seuss"?
Which member of Congress founded the New York University?
In what country is Pilsen Callao beer made and what type of currency do they use there?
Which 2012 Berlin International Film Festival movie did Angelina Jolie direct?
Scarlett Johansson dated a famous person who been popular since 2000, who was he?
In Oceania, what country has the smallest GDP deflator change of rate?
What magazine did Edgar Allen Poe work for after 1841?
What movie starring Miley Cyrus that was written by Nicholas Sparks?
What states does the river that begins in Browser's spring bisect?
The title, First Vice-President, is a position in this Portuguese country.?
What kind of currency was used in 2013 where the government is called the Government of Egypt?
What schools were attended by the actor who played Effie White?
Which president of the United States served after the 32 president and also was the leader of the US during WW2?
Which of Taylor Lautner's films was released first?
Which movies feature the music producer of The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory?
What award nominated movie starring Taylor Lautner that was based on the novel by Stephanie Meyer?
What was the name of the movie where Angelina Jolie directed Gabor Piroch?
What movies list both Taylor Swift and Garry Marshall in the credits?
What is the title of the movie that was directed by Angelina Jolie and produced by Plan B Entertainment?
What kind of language is Icelandic and is spoken in Northern Europe?
List the offices held by the subject of the film Young Mr. Lincoln.?
Which university, that had 5478 postgraduates, did Kevin Hart go to?
What country with the ISO number 056 shares a border with France?
Which country that has a calling code greater than 213 is a trading partner of Turkey?
What Tamera Mowry tv shows have the program "tvrage_id" larger than 5379?
What is the official language of the country where Sergij Arbuzov is the government official?
Who is the head coach of the sports team that plays at Three Rivers Stadium?
What wars involving France have had lower casualty estimates of 1000?
Who is the person that fought in the Battle of Vicksburg and is buried in the General Grant National Memorial?
Who was the Republican governor of Arizona in 2009?
Which of Taylor Lautner's movies and TV had the longest run time?
Which sacred text of Daoism was written by Laozi?
What is considered a Chinese Classic and a sacred text of Daoism?
What is the mascot of the sports team who plays in the Miller Park Stadium?
What is the name of the daughter of the composer of The Story of Beauty?
Amherst College is where charles drew go to college and is the university that Zen Ashcroft graduated from.?
What language to they speak in the Dominican Republic, the also as the initials E.S.?
In Firefly, what dialect of Chinese is found and are there variations of the different dialects?
What is the currency use in the country that speaks Jamaican English?
Which company that trades Turkey has the largest army?
In what film starring Kim Richards were costumes designed by Paul Simmons?
Which cartoon pornography films have starred Miley Cyrus?
Who was the 2011 Ohio governor and held position in the 10th United States Congress?
Where was the person who spoke about the Berlin Wall raised?
What sacred text of daoism was written by Fuxi?
The author who published The Audacity of Hope, which political ideal does he follow?
What religion whose founding figure is John Calvin is practiced in Indonesia?
Find the composer of Still Ballin, what was his name in juice?
Whos is the person that influenced Jackson Pollock's work and died from cardiovascular disease?
Who holds a position in the US House of Representatives and also founded New York University?
What movie released after January 1, 2004 features Charlie Hunnam?
The area that was affected by cyclone Hurricane Iwa has what as their national flower?
What were JFK's brother's name who held a position in the 107th United States Congress?
In Dominica as well as the economy of the Soviet Union, what type of government is there?
Which Tokyo International Film Festival movie debut stared Logan Lerman?
Which of the Walt Disney's children who contributed to the story of the film Walt Before Mickey?
What is the daughters name of the artist that performed Wishing on a Star?
What was the guitar that The Radio Song composer played?
What is the national flower of the affected area of the cyclone Tropical Storm Fabio?
What language is spoken in the area where the newspaper Cyprus Weekly is circulated?
Which Presidents of the United States were used as subjects of the book Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror?
What movie directed by Quentin Jones has starred Miley Cyrus?
What character did Kim Richards play in the film that also starred Mark Larry?
Kim Richards debuted in what 2007 Sundance Film Festival feature?
Which Eastern European country makes Zagorka Original Lager?
What states does the river that runs through Las Vegas also cuts through?
What school attended by JRR Tolkein has fewer than 30771 undergraduates?
Who inspired the author of Langston in Harlem to become a poet?
What is the modern language spoken in countries that used to speak Gebel Elba?
In a movie featuring Charity Sanoy, who voiced the character of kovu?
What military combatant involved in the Battle of Kulikovo's national anthem?
What is the name of the area that uses a currency called Gebel Elba?
What is the name for money in the governmental jurisdiction whose office holder is Joao Goulart?
Which Washington D.C. college did Paul Ryan attend?
What Ron Howard movie was filmed at Fordham University?
Where is the topic of the image "Whistler Skilift 040" found?
Which Angelina Jolie movie was directed by Jacinta Leong?
From what illness does the artist nominated for awards for "The Michael J. Fox Show" suffer?
What were the names of Adolf Hitler's parents and which one died before Dec 21, 1907?
Where did the the body of water under DeSoto Bridge end?
Who is the actor who played Vito Corleone and ended a romance in 1974?
Find the birthplace of the breed Hertha Pointer, what is the language spoken there?
What governmental jurisdiction has a government office holder named Carlos Dunga and the people speak Portugese?
What Language Isolate language family member do Chileans speak?
What are the names of the Walt Disney kids who died in Santa Monica?
It what city the the speaker on the Watergate scandal pass away?
In the country where Samana English is spoken, what currency is used?
Which country has Guy Verhostadt as their governmental office holder and shares a border with France?
What show starring Kim Richards that was produced by Stephanie Allain?
What movie was directed by Scott Meehan and directed by Miley Cyrus?
What was the occupation of Pam Huckaby and the real life Erin Brockovich?
What time zone includes the home of fictional character Fiona Coyne?
Who plays Hawkeye in a movie that stars Kimberly J Mahoney?
What city can the headquarters for Curno Brakes be found?
What Minneapolis sports team had Peyton Manning's father on their roster?
What currency is used in the birthplace of the breed Dogo Argentino?
Which movie starring Taylor Lautner has a sequel named Eclipse?
What is the name of the daughter of the recording artist for Déjà vu (no rap version)?
Who is the actor that played the character Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
What county has a commerical Co2 emission of 0.001281555 and is located in Wellsville, Missouri?
What role did Arnie Hammer play in a film crewed by Chad Eshbaugh?
What type of money is used in the country that speaks the Lucumi Language?
Who died in Vulaines-sur-Seine and was an inspiration to Monet?
What movies did Ron Howard do with  a sequel named The Food of the Gods?
What countries share borders with the jurisdiction that has the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs?
Who voiced the character that was born in Tatooine?
What wars has French military commander John Monash been involved in?
What countries neighbor the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named Ariste Jacques Trouvé-Chauvel?
With music written by Marcus Miller, what movie did Tupac act in?
The person who said "I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar" was in what business?
Which country speaks Germanic languages has the nominal GDP of 279500000000.0?
What wars involving France have had a force size greater than 14000?
What story, written by Ernest R. Dickerson, did Tupac star in when it was turned into a movie?
What river runs through Phoenix and what other states does it flow through?
Which state bisected by the Missouri River adapted it's governmental jurisdiction symbol most recently?
What is the name of the sports team that plays in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester?
What movies produced by the company New Line Cinema does Taylor Lautner play in?
What movie using 3D camera systems does Logan Lerman play in?
Which movie was released on January 1, 1992, and featured Tupac?
Which countries does Germany border, whose population is smaller than 9,153,489?
The Newcomer of the Year award nominee was raised where?
What time zone will you find the fictional workd ReGenesis?
Where did the author, who published editions for The Diary of a Young Girl, go to school?
What is the language used in Australia that is of the conlang type "Engineered language"?
Name the city where LaLa Anthony lives now and the fictional character Stringer Bell once lived.?
Find the fictional character Fiona Coyne, what state did this person live?
Find the country that uses second level division Cartago, what currency is used there?
What amusement part in Downtown Sacramento has the Cliffhanger ride?
What stadiums is the Houston rockets able to play basketball that can hold at least 18043 people.?
What state has the Colorado river running through it and is represented in Government by Brian Sandoval?
What currency is used in the area where the newspaper Brasil em Folhas is circulated?
What can be seen and done in the Vienna, Austria venue with a capacity of 4900?
Which country with a population of 10,005,000 speaks Portuguese?
What country trades with Turkey and has a calling code of 355?
Who did Armie Hammer play in the Alex Olijnyk film?
In which city, with commercial co2 emissions of 0.074328795, did Lauren Conrad reside?
Who stars in the film with Helena Guenzel?
Which Cheaper by the Dozen film did Taylor Lautner have a role?
Where were the nominees of the 18th Empire Awards born?
Which country with and ISO of 012 does Turkey trade with?
When the political appointer that had the title Deputy Assistant to the Press Secretary was in office, who was the Vice President?
What is the sacred text of the religion founded by Zhuang Zhou?
Who stared in the TV program that has the theme song Barney Is a Dinosaur?
In which American Southern City did the "Downs" composer die?
What event happened during WW2 in Dunkirk that included an army that had 800000 members?
What stop motion movie did Ron Howard do a voice in?
Who is the governor of the area that has the official symbol of Saguaro?
What kind of government has been used since 1979 where the government is called Government of Iran?
Which celebrity did the darth vador voice and had a relationship that ended on 12/2010?
What stop motion movie does Taylor Lautner play in?
What state has an official symbol of a spotted bass?
What religion is the most dominant where Israeli lira is used for currency?
What is the real name of Vito Corleone, Executive Producer of Holiday Heart?
What entertaining event in Vienna Austria has been happening since 1993?
Is the the 2009 Governor of Arizona who was appointed to the position by Barack Obama?
What country borders France and was home to the 2014 GentWevelgem?
Which films did Adam Sandler appear in that have a Netflix ID number lower than 70087541?
Which continent was Saheb Sarbib born in that is also where Belgium is at?
What super bowls have did the New York teams win?
Who were the brothers of the work to whom Leonard Bernstein dedicated his work to?
Who did the digital underground actor date?
What high school did Unusual's the composer attend?
What country has an ISO Alpha 3 of AGO and does major trade with China?
What movie directed by Christopher Brown feature Taylor Lautner?
Which of the four regions that make up the United Kingdom has had a religious organization leadership since 1868?
Which 102 minute long movie has Tupac in it?
The artist that created the art series of Water Lilies was inspired by what?
What type of government is used in the country of Japan and where Baldur von Schirach was born?
What celebrity did Scarlett Johansson date who's relationship ended in 2002?
Where does LaLa Anthony live, and where an 1982 honorary degree recipient was born?
What language do Tyai Bangkaew Dog breeders speak?
Who is the actor who played Vito Corleone who had a romantic relationship that ended on 1991?
Who played Vito Corleone that also passed on due to respiratory failure?
What university is home to Holden Comprehensive Cancer Center and almamater to Tennessee Williams?
Where was the newspaper La Libre Belgique distributed during World War II?
What are the languages spoken in Norway?
Who is the king of the place where the Cambodian franc is used as currency?
What country has neighborhood The Dominion?
Which country that borders France is home to the airline V Bird?
What venue was opened in 1975 and is where the Houston Rockets play their basketball games?
What is the birth place of the nominee for Radio Disney Music Award for Best ALbum?
The building where the Houston Rockets and Houston Aeros played is now called what?
What time zones are in the country where the American mastodon is a symbol?
What sports stadium have both the Chicago Cubs and Chicago Bears played in?
Which movie starred Tupac and had costumes designed by Marie France?
Which movies was the nominee of the Blimp Award for Favorite Television Star award in?
What are the names of the children of the actor of Gloria Shelton?
Who knows what the politician appointed by James VI did?
What movie that involves organization toonexplainers did Taylor Lautner play in?
Who inspired Monet and created the Portrait of Frederic Chopin and George Sand?
What movie is part of the Percy Jackson series and features Logan Lerman?
Which city is a main trading partner of China and also has a neighborhood named Al Sufouh?
What movie featuring Charlie Humman was filmed at the College of Charleston?
Which countries does Japan export that that have a GDP deflator change of rate -0.61?
Who is married to the person who published editions for The Orgin of Species (Enriched Classics)?
What former President of the United States was in office during WW2 and passed away on 04/12/1945?
Which Taylor Lautner movie has a sequel titled "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1"?
Who did the artist that recorded "Coteau Guidry Reprise" date?
What movies directed by Ramsey Avery, did Adam Sandler star in?
What are the movies that Taylor Swift has been in that were made in the United States?
In which French wars has the force size exceeded 16544?
In the place that has the Superior Electoral Court what type of political system is in place?
Find the person Leonard Bernstein dedicated their work to,  where did this person atten college?
Who else starred in the movie that Jim Damron played in as kid?
What currency is used in the country that speaks Romansh?
What movie starring Taylor Lautner has a prequel named "The Twilight Saga: New Moon"?
What time zone is share by both San Juan del Rio and Michigan?
This movie was filmed at Kalama and stars Taylor Lautner.?
In what Parish was the artist who recorded "If I Never See Your Face Again" (remix edit) raised?
What "coming of age" genre movies have actor charlie humman been in?
What id the Missouri River Bisect and its the district represented by Steve Bullock?
What type of government is followed by the U.S. and Bolivia?
Ron Howard's movies that was producted by Hans Ulrich?
Which movie starring Adam Sandler featured the song Hallo Hallo?
What language is predominant where the second level division Corfu is located?
Was continent does the nation where Hubert Ingraham is a member of the government located in?
Which is the team founded in 1893 which Messi played for in 2010?
Find the degree held by the person who spoke on Education reform.?
For what magazine did Edgar Allan Poe have the latest editorial tenure?
Which country with an internet top level domain is in the Caribbean?
Who was the Monet inspired artist that died on December 31, 1877?
What politician held the position of Attorney General and also served as President of the United States during WW2?
What country held the Kentucky Senate election in 2010?
To which political party does the public speaker advocating for Educational reform belong?
Where did the person who said "The point is that you can't be too greedy" graduate college from?
Which child of Walt Disney died from lung cancer?
Which popular sports teams in Spain were founded after 1913?
Who was a contributor to the story of the film The President's Mystery and was president during WW2?
Find the person whom Marcus Vitruvius Pollio dedicated his work to, what was this person famous for?
Of the magazines that Edgar Allan Poe wrote for, which one had the latest publication date?
Name the first book written by the person who said "A loving heart is the truest wisdom".?
What is the Pine Hills neighborhood in Atlanta, Georgia famous for?
What is there to do in downtown Sacramento in buildings with 1 floor?
What Ron Howard movies that were produced by Universal Studio?
Which Arizona governor holds a position in the United States Cabinet in 2009?
What Charlie Hunnam film was released on Oct. 18, 2002?
Who was Walt Disney's kid who died on 12-31-1936?
Where did the actor that played in the film Legally Blonde: The Musical live?
Who voices Kovu in The Lion King 2 Simba's Pride?
Who plays stephanie plum in a film that Andrea Kubala was also in it.?
What movie written by Candace Bushnell that Miley Cyrus starred in?
In the film, Martin Luther Heretic, what was the subject's profession?
What languages are spoken in the circulation area of the La Cuarta newspaper?
What kind of government does the location of the movie "Amen" have?
Which of Ron Howard's movies has a netflix_id higher than 60002655?
Of the many things to do and see in Vienna, Austira, what has the smallest venue capacity?
Where is an official symbol of Leo Belgicus at?
What is the type of government in the country where the Old Israeli shekel is the currency?
Which Ron Howard film was created in the United Kingdom?
What languages are spoken in the country that produces Archa Beer?
What movie featured Taylor Lautner and was released straight to video?
What was religious organization leader Antonio Vivaldi known for?
Which USA timezone has a utc offset of -3.0?
what language is XLOJ in the rosetta project and can be heard in Canada?
What actors played in the film Mickey's Surprise Party kids?
What Angelina Jolie directed movie was decorated by Lisa Thompson?
Where does Lauren Conrad live that has CO2 emissions of 1.26211727?
What was the guitar played by an actor in The Best of MusikLaden: Vols. 1 & 2?
Motion picture that was decorated by Anna Lynch-Robinson and directed by Angelina Jolie?
Which magazines had Edgar Allen Poe tenured as an editor after the month of February, 1841?
What movie did Taylor Lautner  play in that the running time for the tv program is 22 minutes?
What movie features Miley Cyrus and has USD as a currency?
What country has an army of 1000 and is located in the Caribbean?
What movie features Logan Lerman in a role and followed Percy Jackson & the Olumpians: The Lightning Thief?
What religion with diety "Uchchhishta Ganapati" is practice in Indonesia?
What movie, featuring Francine Maisler, was directed by Angelina Jolie?
Which countries in Oceania have an army of less than 5000?
Where does the body of water flowing under Killaloe Bridge end?
What city is the home of Lala Anthony and Seymour S. Cohen?
What main trading partner of China is the country with compatible power plugs Power Plug Type C?
What Portuguese speaking country that has emissions per capita of 0.028831 metric ton?
What country where Lala Anthony live is also where the Footbal player named Id Bryant-Johnson-Johnsbr 05 was born?
Which currency is used in the country where Jamaican English is spoken?
Who voices Jack Skellington? Who composed the music in Before I Wake?
Who was the President that spoke about Liberalism in the US and was also in term during WW2?
What comedy films have featured Taylor Swift?
The Roger Dean Stadium is located where?
What type of political system does the government that held the 54th Brazilian National Congress have?
Who is the governor of the state that has Ditat Deus 2010 in their official symbol?
Which country that trades with Turkey also exports to Brazil?
Which film with netflix_id smaller than 70068848 stars miley cyrus?q?
Who inspired Scott Fitzgerald and also influenced Ernst Jünger?
What location does the second level division Salcedo a part of?
Is whistler mountain in Stephen Harper's district and where is that?
What county is home to The Charlotte News?
What movie produced by George Lucas was done by Ron Howard?
Where is located the Whistler mountain, and is the same place in which there has been the Demi Lovato Summer Toor 2009?
Where is the location that has an official symbol of Brachiopod found?
What is the name of the arena that is home to the Houston Rockets and has a maximum capacity of 18043?
which main trading partner of China has the largest GDP deflator change of rate?
Where did the fictional character Sofia Sartor live that was also the center of the Roman Empire?
Which amusement park in Sacramento California, was first opened in 1986?
Which Hollywood, California venue has the smallest capacity?
Of the shows featuring Tamera Mowry, which has the largest "thetvdb_id?"?
Which president of the united states during ww2 was also the politician who started their governmental position the earliest?
What event happened in Dunkirk during WW2 with an estimate of 10252 casualities?
Which American League team plays at the Kingdome?
which film starring Kim Richards was released earliest?
Who played Dorothy in a movie alongside actor Jack Paul?
Which of his peers inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
What region of the four which make up the United Kingdom is Llangollen Welsh Black Bitter produced in?
Which movie featured Taylor Lautner and was a nominee for an award with the description "Edward Cullen vs James"?
What did Antonio Vivaldi get famous for and did until the year 1805?
Where are the headquarters of one of the litigants in Strickland v. Sony?
What country in Eastern Europe that has the calling code of 359?
What country has the Al Sufouh neighborhood and has Japan as an export?
What movie has Miley Cyrus played in that had a production designed by Dennis Glassner?
At the 70th anniversary of D-Day and the Battle of Normandy which political party did the speaker represent?
Who created the art series of Ovid among the Scythians and was the person who inspired Monet?
Which country includes second level division Palmas and speaks Portuguese?
What baseball team plays at Hilltop Park and when did they win the World Series?
What movies did Ron Howard do that were produced by Andy Griffith?
Which country, filming location for the film 'How She Move', is home to Whistler Mountain?
What district does Pope Innocent III represent?
Who is the current governor has the official symbol of greater short-horned lizard area?
What time zone did the fictional character Gilfoyle live in?
What television films were done by Ron Howard?
Which TV show starring Tamera Mowry has the largest number of episodes?
What currency is use din the country where the movie "Motorcycle Diaries" takes place?
In which state is the governmental jurisdiction that includes a governmental body called Toronto City Council located?
What film is in French and features Kim Richards?
Who are the parents of one of the Award nominees in the 18th Empire Awards ceremony?
What Italian province, population 4327642, is Rome located in?
Which Portuguese-speaking country has Catalan as an official language?
Which country shares a border with France that has an iso alpha of 3 CHE?
What type of visual art was used in The Back Series?
The actor that played the character Jacob Black has starred in which movies?
About the school that publishes the Harvard Review, what are its school colors?
What American timezone is affected by Hurricane Daisy?
what region is the place that has the area Lakes of Parkway, Houston tx in?
Who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg and was the 18th US president?
Which parent of Adolf Hitler died on 12-21-1907?
What movie features both Charlie Hunnam and Italian language?
What time zone includes Texas and San Juan del Río Municipality, Querétaro?
Which of the United States' major religions is featured in the film "The Cup"?
Which countries in the Caribbean have ISO numbers above 052?
Which Tupac Shakur film had James Mitchell as its editor?
What county is in the State that held the Houston mayoral election, 2009?
What movie had music done by John Powell and had Taylor Swift in it?
In which countries having the Chinese Ministry of Public Security, do the people speak Portuguese?
What currency is used in the country in which Atef Sedki held office in 2013?
Where modern language is used where El Gouna Beverage Co. Sakara Gold beer is made?
What kind of government was used in the governmental jurisdiction that included the governmental body Roman Sentate?
What other career did the author of Dem Andenken Petofis pursue?
Who is buried at Cimetiere des Gonards and is listed as an inspiration for Scott Fitzgerald?
What is the name of the currency used in the place where Quechuan is spoken?
What is the principle language spoken in the country where Macedonian Thrace Brewery Vergina Premium Lager beer is made?
The river that originates from the La Poudre Pass Lake runs through which states?
What country borders Germany and is also the place in JoJo's Bizarre Adventure?
What kind of paintings, that influenced Miguel Angel Asturias, did that Frida Kahola do?
Who played the film which included the soundtrack Forrest Gump: The Soundtrack as a kid?
What animated type movies did Adam Sandler star in?
Which of Shirley Temple's children works as a musician?
Fin the country that makes BGI Beer, what type of government is in place there?
What body of water with surface area 46.336506 is located in Sacramento, CA?
What is the economy of the country that employs the Premier of the Soviet Union?
What religions are observed in the nation where the Farsi language is spoken?
What TV program with "thetvdb_id" is 70605 dies Tamera Mowry play on?
Where was the writer of "Blunt the Knives" educated?
What happened in World War II to Dunkirk, involving a force size of 400,000?
What animated character is the parent of Chris and is voiced by Seth McFarland?
What are the official colors of the team that plays in AT&T stadium?
What type of government does the place that has the Supreme Court of Israel have?
Which member of Congress was the governor of Ohio in 2011?
What Washington sports team had Nate Robinson on their roster?
What is the last movie by the artist who recorded Faster Kill Pussycat?
Which governmental jurisdiction has Marcus Lollius as an office holder?
When did one of the 2010 World Series teams last win a previous World Series?
What movie, produced by the New Line Cinema company, has Taylor Swift been in?
What did the composer of Dante Symphony do to earn a living?
Which film has the same genre as Abracadabra that starred Taylor Swift?
Who was the wife of the subject of the film "Jesse James Rides Again"?
What language is spoken where the First Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine resides?
What prime minister presides over the nation with the House of Peoples' Representatives?
What country has a political title called Minister of Women in the Presidency and they speak portuguese?
What Ron Howard film was released first?
Which country with a population of 17909009 is Whistler Mountain in?
Where does Lala Anthony live, which is also where Isadore Rudnick was born?
What is the most recent World Series won by a team which participated in the 2010 Major League Baseball season?
With what celebrity did Scarlett Johansson have a romantic relationship that ended after 2006?
Which venue does the Chicago Cubs play at that has the greatest occupancy capacity?
What states does the river under ASB Bridge bisect?
Which country did Jaques Bahar talk about that is the main trading partner of China?
What movies feature the subject of the film "Tupac: Hip Hop Genius?"?
What other movies has" the Flannerys" actor played in?
WHat famous person died in Castle Leslie and was an insripation to Scott Fitzgerald?
How did the author who wrote in the Not Without Laughter become inspired to write poetry?
What language can be found in both Cyprus and the fictional world called The Tortall Universe?
Who played the character name Dorothy in the film whose Crew included Holly Bane?
What happened during WWII with the smallest force size in Dunkirk?
Which movie that Charlie Hunnam was in was Carlo Poggioli the costume designer on?
Where was the actor who played the character 'Untouchable J' raised?
What is the currency for the Genes Elba 2013 country?
What movies which Tupac acts in feature Ellyn Long Marshall as a film casting director?
Which school did James Baldwin attend, whose NCES school ID is 360008701940?
In what year did the Dodgers win the World Series while the Minnesota Twins were the runners up?
Which states does the body of water under Mike O'Callaghan–Pat Tillman Memorial Bridge run through?
What countries with Type F compatible power plugs are also among China's main trading partners?
Who was the first President of the United States during WW2?
Which university has 9153 postgraduates and had Kevin Hart as a student?
What language is used in Denmark with the abbreviation DE?
What is the year that the team whose's arena is the M&T Bank Stadium won the Superbowl?
Where did Lala Antony and fictional character Molly Walker live?
What historic attraction created on 1919-02-26 is located near the Grand Canyon?
Who were JFK's brothers, who also served in the political party the Democratic Party?
Who helped make Take Me Home Tonight and also dated Scarlett Johansson?
What countries in Eurasia do people speak portuguese?
Where did William Carroll start as the military commander?
In 1948 when the ruble currency was used, who was the Soviet leader?
What language is spoken in the place that also speaks Domari?
Which reservoir-type lake is around the Grand Canyon?
What basketball venue has the largest audience capacity where the Houston Rockets also play?
What instruments does the author of Fela! play?
What former Assistant Secretary was president of the United States during World War II?
What county contains the neighborhood Parkdale?
What is the name of the daughter of the artist responsible for Best Thing I Never Had.?
What movie did production designer David Brisbin produce that Taylor Lautner plays in?
What do Catholics call their god, who was born in Judea?
What movie with a television running time of less than 60 minutes features Taylor Lautner?
What movies was Tupac in that were produced by John Singleton?
Which Super Bowl did the Giants win against the Denver Broncos?
Which story written by P. D. James has Charlie Hunnam been in?
What currancy was used before France adopted the Euro?
What Portuguese speaking country that has a GDP deflator change rate of 0.8?
What football player was a sibling of JFK?
What time zone uses the symbol of Aquilegia Caerula?
Which flower is the state flower in the district represented by John D. Waihee III?
What country that Japan exports to has an ISO of 3166-1 alpha-3?
In which movies produced by Alan Sacks did Taylor Swift play?
What happened during ww2 when a lower estimate of 30000 casualties occurred in Dunkirk?
Where is "The Rose That Grew from Concrete" author originally from?
What currency is used in the country that breeds Cordoba Fighting Dog?
Of the films in which Adam Sandler performed, which one has released latest?
What are the tourist attraction in the California location that the film Chillerama take place?
What religions with the deity Allah are practiced in Afghanistan?
What country speaks Germanic and uses a USD nominal GDP currency?
Who played the lead character in Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Which country shares its border with France and also has a population of 10,045,158?
What movies feature the actor who played the character Ezekiel 'Spoon' Whitmore?
Did US President Kennedy and fictional character Sam Seaborn attend the same real university?
Where did the artist who was nominated for Why I Oppose the War in Vietnam get shot?
What language do people speak in the region where the Berlingske newspaper is circulated?
Which person, who Catholics call their god, said, "Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand?"?
What show starring Kim Richards that has a sequel Return from The Witch Mountain?
What movie with Ray Ellis' music starred Adam Sandler?
Who knows the religions that are practiced in the home of the Qatgani?
Who was the person who was inspired by William Hazlitt and who inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
What movie had cinematography by Gary Graver and was made by Ron Howard?
Who influenced the work of Jackson Pollock and was also a peer of Wilhelm Reich?
Before the Euro, what currency did the governmental jurisdiction that held the legislative session of the First Valls Government use?
What is the government office held by both Constantine XI Palaigolos and Agustus Caesar?
Where is the starting point of the river that flows through Kazan?
What film that was released after 2004-03-26 has Miley Cyrus in it?
What schools did the composer of Hymn to Elbereth attend?
What type of music, featured in Shadow of the Stars, was composed by Mozart?
What nominee for the National Book Award served as the US President during WWII?
Which producer of Artifact dated Scarlett Johansson?
Where did the Just Above My Head Artist Award nominee attend school?
What is the name of the show where Tamera Mowry performs and is the smallest on the program?
Which movie directed by Angelina Jolie was released to video?
What films are considered to be in the genre Stop motion and feature the actress Miley Cyrus?
Which Adam Sandler movies were edited by Chris Columbus?
Which Logan Lerman film had a sequel titled "Percy Jackson:Sea of Monsters"?
The politician who held the position of Undersecretary has a degree in what?
Which movies from America star Adam Sandler?
From what language family of Aragonese Languages did the Roman Language come from?
Of the colleges attended by Harry S. Truman, which has the smallest number of undergraduates?
What popular sport in Spain is sponsored by Iberdrola?
What war had the First Indochina War with france?
What team is sponsored by Beko and had player Messi on their roster in 2010?
The song, Endtapes, is in the movie that also stars Taylor Lautner.?
Find the country that produces Maccabee Beer, what type of government is used there?
Which of the following countries are part of the 7 in the area affected by the cyclonic Tropical Storm Alma?
What are the primary religions in the countries that uses Abasi as their currency?
Who is the man who played Vito Corleone and produced the movie What Just Happened?
Which amusement park in downtown Sacramento opened in 1986?
Where is the end of the river that flows through Dowra?
Which characters did Armie Hammer play in the movie that also included Robin Dowell?
Which cities with a  GNIS feature ID  less than 1662328 did Lauren Conrad live in?
What was scientist William Henry Bragg's academic advisor's discovery?
What vampire movie does Taylor Lautner act in?
Which actor played the character Henri Ducard in Star Wars?
What movies did Adam Sandler play in that were directed by Chris Columbus?
What is the title of the book written by the person who held the governmental position Acting Attorney General?
What 2011 governor of Ohio previously held a position in the Ohio Senate?
Which stadium, which has an attendance capacity of more than 12,500, is home to the Chicago Cubs?
What country, containing Stadhuis, does Germany border?
Which animated movies hs Ron Howard done?
What eastern European country is the birthplace of Mikhail Solodko?
What movie was produced by Jungo Maruta and features Taylor Lautner?
What type of music is featured in the Rhapsodie play?
In which Australian capital city is the Magistrates' Court of Victoria located?
What movie was the prequel life to That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana and starred Miley Cyrus?
What colleges in Greeley Colorado have fewer than 10102 undergraduates?
What venue at 6801 Hollywood Boulevard might you attend during a weekend in Hollywood, California?
What movie written by Rob Schneider featured Adam Sandler?
In which USA timezone can the San Carlos Airport be found?
Where is the birth place of the actor who starred in Boombox All Access with Avril Lavigne?
What movie won the producer of David McCullough: Painting With Words his first oscar?
Which amusement park in Hollywood, California features the E.T. Adventure ride?
What movie was abotu male nudity and featured Tupac?
Which of Frank R. McKelvy movies was Kim Richards in?
What Magazine published in 1844 did Edgar Allan Poe work for?
Which religious text features Zhang Guolao?
What did Antonio Vivaldi do until 1849 that he was known for?
Which of Scarlett Johansson's romantic partners was influenced by Michael Jackson?
What country within the United Kingdom was once ruled by Willliam and Mary?
Which countries have ocean territories and an official symbol that is the state tree?
What kind of money should I take to the country whose governmental jurisdiction is controlled by the position title of Governor-General of Jamaica?
What movies directed by Elliott Glick was Taylor Swift in?
Which country, that Jaques Bahar spoke about, is a trade partner with Turkey?
What movie did Ron Howard produce in black and white?
Which character born in Mexico does Seth Macfarlane voice?
In what timezone is the governmental jurisdiction that held the legislative session of the Colorado recall election in 2013?
Which college located in Columbia graduated Tennessee Williams?
List the women who dated the man who composed Papa's Song.?
What movies was Gene Serdena the decorator on which Taylor Lautner starred in?
When was the last time the team that participated in 2010 World Series won the World Series?
What television show with the tvdb_id of 73651 did Tamera Mowry starred in?
What is the current type of government where Baldur von Schirach was born?
What Cameron Pace Group movie was Logan Lerman in?
Which school with an undergraduate enrollment of 6735 did James Baldwin go to?
What movies has the subject of Taylor Swift: Her Life, Her Story been in?
Where did the person to whom Truman Capote dedicated his/her work go to college?
What event causing more than 30000 estimated casualties happened in Dunkirk during WW2?
Who was the governor of Arizona in 2009 who had also held the Secretary of state government position?
In Juice, what actor played the character Ezekiel "Spoon" Whitmore?
What government is used for Poland and Dominica?
What is the name of the currency used in the birthplace of the breed Canchim?
Where is the fictional universe of Regenesis located?
What movie features Tupac and the song "Again"?
Who is the actress that did the voice of Toki, who Tupac Shakur also dated?
What political party does the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Rediness belong to?
What major religion influenced Arthur Schopenhauer?
Who composed the song "Thinkin About-U!"?
Which actor who played Candlewick dated Scarlett Johansson?
Which film starred Kim Richards and was directed by Randi Hiller?
Which US major religion appears in the film First Class Discipleship?
What Bosnian language movie did Angelina Jolie direct?
What governmental system is used in both Iraq and Dominica?
Which countries border Germany and has the United States dollar as their nomianl gdp per capita.?
What country is home to Nova Roma and speaks Portuguese?
Can anyone tell me where the composer of Letter to Me came from?
Who wrote The Sacred text of Daoism and Hou guan Yan shi ping dian Zhuangzi?
In which Portuguese speaking country was Carlos Tavares born?
What actor played Flint Lockwood and is the namesake of Vito Corleone's true identity?
the courts Supreme Court of Peru has what kind of government?
What 7 central american countries have a country calling code number greater than 506?
Which actress dated Tupac Shakur and also produced the film The Karate Kid?
What city does Lala Anthony live in that has co2 emissions of 0.371919213?
During WW2, who was the president of the US and who was the speaker at the Joint Session of the US Congress?
What Sacramento, Calif., amusement park with a ride called the Cliffhanger is considered a fun place to visit?
Where was the artist of "Hot Rod Heart" born and raised?
This language was spoken by Jewish people and has the code "hbo" in the Rosetta project.?
What religion is practiced where Abdul Rahim Hatif has jurisdiction?
What character did Seth Macfarland voice and Rodney Dangerfield played?
What is the name of the structure opened in 1997 where the Chicago Cubs play?
What is the earliest founded team that Peyton Manning's dad has played for?
What eastern European country was ruled by Igor of Kiev?
Which University of Mississippi did Peyton Manning's father play for?
What did the religious leader, Martin Luther do as a career?
Name the brothers of the politician who spoke about the Berlin Wall.?
What city lists an industrial co2 emission of 0.043448524 and is home to Lauren Conrad?
Which artist influenced by Eugene Delacroix had later affects on Jakson Pollock's work?
What is the name of the current governor of the place where fictional character Bad Bill lived in 2010?
Was u'Austria' among the countries that german borders that the speaker Alexander Mintz talked about?
Which Country, Governed by the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, has some of its population speak Portuguese?
What influenced the author of Street Scene to write poetry?
What years did the President whom Congress dedicated their work to serve?
Which major religions iare Sarah the founding figure of in the United States?
What colleges with fewer than 15208 undergraduates boast Paul Ryan as an alumnus?
What television show does Tamera Mowry play on?
What is the name of the Currency in the Country of Egypt?
What is the last year in which the Baltimore Ravens won the Superbowl?
Which Catherine Ircha-directed movie starts Taylor Lautner?
With which celebrity did Brad Pitt have the earliest relationship/?
What movie was edited by Jim Clark and featured Taylor Swift?
Picard Language is spoken where?
What is the country where Sakara Gold Beer is made and what type of currency is used there?
what university with a number of postgraduates less than 11756 did russell wilson attend?
Who is the governor of the state where Dave Freudenthal is a District representative?
What is the currency of the country where the Bribri Language is spoken?
What type of government does Australia have in the location where Baldur von Schirach was born?
This subject of the film "Tom & Viv" was an inspiration to F. Scott Fitzgerald.?
What country was overseen by the person who said, "One death is a tragedy; a million is a statistic"?
Who was governor of Arizona in 2009 and was appointed to a federal position by Bill Clinton?
What position did Abraham Lincoln have with the US House of Representatives?
Find the team that won in the 2010 world series, list all the years they won the world series.?
Which country borders France and has a per capita emissions rate per metric ton is 10.126703?
Who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg and has the title of Collector of the Port of NY?
What kind of money is used in the place where you'd find the second level division Araporã?
What actor played Kokiri and Lola Bunny?
Which actresses have the actor was featured in the film "voyage of time" dated?
What Greek Mythology movie does Logan Lerman play in?
What has 4413668 visitors per year and is near the Grand Canyon?
What film involving National Film Board of Canada starred Taylor Lautner?
what state is home to a neighborhood called Harbourfront?
Where did military commander Edward Pakenham begin his career?
What show that has less than 6 seasons is Tamera Mowry on?
Who served as vice president for someone who had previously served as US Ambassador to Lesotho?
What tourist spot in Malta opened in 1732?
What countries and continents is the second level division Comendador, Elias Pina a part of?
Where did the actor that played Alien on TV Monitors #2 grow up in?
What are the names of current actors that also worked as Disney kids?
What was the name of Adolf Hitler's parent who died on January 3, 1903?
Which major religion of the US has "Uchchhishta Ganapati" as a deity?
What is the type of currency in Nova Roma?
Who inspired the person who wrote the lyrics for "Street Scene: Act I. No. 6b Quartet" to write poetry?
What parish is home to the World's Best Selling Barbadian Artist award nominee?
Which country with Portuguese-speaking people witnessed the 2002 December solstice?
Where was the wedding of seal and the author that published Heidi Klum's Body of Knowledge?
Which government party was the person who said "Our Union: It must be preserved." from?
What type of currency is used by the governmental jurisdiction where Donald Sangster holds office?
What profession did Martin Luther have prior to leading a religous organization?
Featured in the film Beyonce: Baby and Beyond, what is Beyonce's daughter's name?
What are some annual events in Vienna, Austria?
Who are the main traders that were ruled by Elizabeth II are partners of China? Answer: Tuvalu, New Zealand?
Who was the US president during World War 2, having been originally appointed by Woodrow Wilson to his governmental position?
This Hollywood, California venue has a capacity of 3401.?
Which peer of George Santayana inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
What musical group includes Aubrey o'Day and was nominated for MTV's Best Pop Video award?
The actor that played Hark Hanson attended which college?
What are the names of the countries that border the location of the First Valls Government legislative session?
What body of water does the river that flows under the Bridge of hope empty in to?
What movie, produced by Jimmy Buffet, features Logan Lerman?
What country is home ti Whistler Mountain and has a population of roughly 18271000?
Which Miley Cyrus film was produced by Toby Emmerich?
Who plays Stewie Griffin in the television show episode "Stewie Kills Lois and Lois Kills Stewie"?
What topic of the image hpatss poster PNG actor played dumbledore?
In what Portuguese-speaking nation is the country calling code higher than 238?
What happened to both Hitler and Michael Angelis?
Where did the Anti-Apartheid president public speaker attend school?
Where was the nominee of the Young Hollywood Award for SodaStream Unbottle the World Live?
Which animation movies does Taylor Lautner act in?
Which politician, who ended their government position early, was the president of the United States during WW2?
What three Cities did Lala the subject of the film Carmelo's Way call home?
What other movies did the producer of Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z... act in?
Who left government office before Mar 11, 1877 and also fought at the Battle of Vicksburg?
Which child actor played in the movie whose soundtrack is Forrest Gump: Original Motion Picture?
What college was founded in 1929 that Harry S. Truman attended?
What is the currency in the country where Monte Alto and Sao Paulo are found?
What are the wars that France has been involved in?
What university was attended by Charles Drew and also has a population of 1648 undergrads?
In the area where the newspaper called O Pasquim is circulated, what is the currency used?
What politician held office until march of 1877 and fought in the Battle of Vicksburg?
What's a place that can be visited in Hollywood CA this weekend that has inducted Steve Allen?
What country, who has emissions per capita of 0.447181, trades with Turkey?
Which artist had the "Justified and Stripped Tour" and dated Scarlett Johansson?
Who is the queen covering the location of time zone Central Western Time Zone?
The person who attended education institution is Wright-Humason School for the Deaf died where?
What city hosted the 1960 Olympics and was the central city of the roman empire?
The TV show The Bride with White Hair was filmed in the same country where people speak portuguese. What country is that?
Where does the team that won the 1994 NBA Finals championship play basketball?
Which year did the team whose mascots's name is Rise win the Superbowl?
The team that won the 1973 NBA Finals Championship last won the Championship in what year?
What is the sacred text of the region that worships at Zhi Nan Temple?
What college did President Kennedy attend that has the newspaper Nassau Weekly?
Where did Lauren Conrad live, and is the pro athlete that was born here, that began his career in 1999?
Which caribbean country contains the Gors Islet Quarter?
What are two good things to do when you're in Sacramento, CA in the Pacific Time Zone?
What is the name of the head coach of the sports team whose fight song is "Renegade"?
What schools did the President who attended Edward Devotion School attend?
Who was the 2010 governor of the state that appointed Jan Brewer?
What is the money called in the area where Adly Monsour is in a governmental position?
Which colors are the official ones of the athletic team that is owned by Jerry Jones?
What did the famous people who wen tot Cariboo Hill Secondary School do?
Who was the founder of the Washington Square news?
What country that contains Gilbert Islands does Japan export to?
What is the official language of the country that has Kiev in it?
Who is the head coach of the team that won 2009 AFC Championship Game?
In the film with the characater named Stephanie Plum, who plays her?
What college is the educational institution with The Mirror newspaper in Greeley, Colorado?
In the film with the character name Vitani, who is the voice of Kovu?
What American League West sports team is owned by Arte Moreno?
Who held his governmental position latest and founded New York University?
What Portuguese country's mechandise trade percent of gdp was 100.72?
What Portuguese speaking country that has part time employment of 10.8 percent?
What film with character named Mr. Woodson did Tupac act in?
What United States religion has a places of worship named Yanina Synagogue?
The artist had a concert tour named Hannah Montana: World Tour 2010/2011  has bee in what movies?
What person notable with the medical condition Prostate cancer played Vito Corleone?
Which country with a territory in Oceania appointed Kevin Rudd to its government?
Who fought in the battle of Vicksburg whose capital is Richmond?
The country that has the national anthem National Anthem of Guatemala uses what type of money?
Crete is from the country speaking which major languages?
El Seibo Province is part of the country using what currency?
What notable person with a medical diagnosis of dyslexia influenced the work of Jackson Pollock?
Who had a concert named Crazy Love Tour?
What country with a GDP Growth Rate Percentage which once was -0.094096 has people who speak Portuguese?
What city countains Ulsan's capital City?
Which queen presides over the location that has the Time Zone named for the Heard and McDonald Islands?
When was the last time the basketball team whose head coach is Derek Fisher won the national championship?
What business was the person who designed Edgar Thomson Steel Works proficient in?
Which actress plays Downtown Businesswoman character in a film?
What are the major languages spoken in the regions that produce Retsina wine?
What is the mascot of the college led by Nancy Cantor?
Who held his governmental position from March 17, 1913 and was the president of the United States during WWII?
In the country with the Iranian Rial form of currency, what is the present form of government?
Which movies has the performer who headlined the concert tour The 1989 World Tour appeared in?
What years' World Series were won by the sports team whose owner is Frank McCourt?
What is the spoken language in the country with national anthem There is a Lovely Country?
What major religion in the United States has a notable figure called Marcion of Sinope?
What Portuguese speaking country that has the foreign direct net flow of -1019690513?
Which nation is located in Oceania and made the appointment of Liberal Government of New Zealand to a governmental position?
What zoo opened on June 2, 1927 is something to do in Downtown Sacramento?
What is the currency used in the country which contains the Cartago Province?
A person who once lived in Marin City is originally from where?
When did owner Bill Neukom's sports team last win the world series?
What currency is used where the national anthem is "La Bayamesa"?
Which World series was the last one to be won by the team that had Crazy Crab as the mascot?
The country that has the national anthem March On, Bahamaland belongs to what continent?
What time zone is in the location that Upper Mississippi River is located in?
What country do people speak Portuguese where the population was once 10,004,081?
What position was held from April 8, 1782 by John Adams before he was President?
Which University with The Oxford Student newspaper did J.R.R. Tolkien attend?
Also the location of the airport that serves Nijmegen, which countries speak Germanic languages?
In which year was the World Series won by the team whose mascot is known as Crazy Crab?
What is the sacred text of the religion with Laozi?
What country with a long term unemployment rate of 11.6 speaks Portuguese?
Which US state has the Missouri river flowing throuhg it and inclludes Lincoln as a city?
What film with character named Ricky has Charlie Hunnam been in?
In the location that is the setting of the film "Girls, Girls, Girls", what is the national flower?
What was the first team for which the actor featured in the film "NHL Greatest Moments" played?
What Charlie Hunnam films were released prior to 1 January 2004?
What happened to the political appointer that was the Commander in Chief of Home Forces at the end of the war?
What are the most common languages spoken in the country where the Aegean cat breed originated?
From where was the artist who recorded The Dark of the Matinee (Spanish version)?
What language is spoken in Haiti that belongs to the Gallo Romance language family?
What was invented by the author of "Poor Richard's Almanac of 1735"?
What politican has held the secretary of state positon and was the governer of Arizona during 2009?
Which state adopted their symbol after 2001 and has the Missouri River passing through it?
In which movies, did Adam Sandler act in, as well as Lilian Tapia?
Where is the location of the film "Madly in Love"?
What is the circulation area of the Atlanta Georgian famous for hosting?
What is the person that stated "The devil is God's ape!", occupation?
What other languages are spoken in the country where Samaná English is spoken?
What is the modern language used in the area where the Akher Saa Newspaper is distributed?
"Laziness may appear attractive but work gives satisfaction," was said by a person who went to what school?
What class of music did Mozart compose, and is the subject of the film, Everybody Does It?
What film featued Fab Five Freddy as a director and had Tupac playing a role in the movie?
Where was the author who published editions of the Poor Richard's Almanac of 1735, born?
Which sports team did Messi play for in 2010, that was founded on November 29,1899?
What battle in Dunkirk in WWII had the United Kingdom as one of the combatants?
What high school was attended by the artist that recorded "Out of my head"?
hat states does the Missouri River bisect that have the governmental symbol that was adapted before 2001?
What Oceania countries that were ruled by Elizabeth II?
What movie was nominated for an award, was based on a book, and featured Logan Lerman as an actor?
What movie who was cast by Sarah Finn was Kim Richards in?
What Anthony Minghella film stars Charlie Hunnam?
Which is the country that exports to Japan and has a ISO of 296?
What country in Eastern Europe is where the Battle of Partskhisi took place?
For what movie did the actor who played the character Woody Car win his first Oscar?
What was an award nominee in the first Golden Raspberry Awards whose played Vito Corleone?
What town was fictional character Sofia Sartor born in, in the Roman empire?
What country in Oceania that produces the beer Monteith's Lager?
What year did the Giants win the World Series after 11-1-2010?
Which country in the Caribbean has the smallest ISO number?
In what time zone does the Toronto City Council meet?
What is the birth city of the actor who published Poor Richard's Almanac of 1757?
What's the topic of the picture "Flag of Calabria Italy"?
Which movie has Miley Cyrus starred in that is 102.0 minutes long?
What currency is used in the circulation area of the newspaper Granma?
What movie shot at Agua Dulce was Kim Richards in?
In which movie did Alexys Nycole Sanchez and Adam Sandler act in?
Who was the person who fought in the Battle of Vicksburg who ended their position the earliest?
What is the hometown of the artist who recorded Out of Your Mind (10 degree Below dub)?
What is the daughter of the actor that played the character Xania?
Which movie with a netflix_id over 70099113 starred Taylor Lautner?
What Charlie Hunnam work was decorated by Francesca Lo Schiavo?
Where would you find the governmental jurisdiction in which Keen Johnson holds governmental office?
What languages in the North Germanic Languages family of languages do people in Denmark speak?
On what movie featuring Logan Lerman was Candice White a crew member?
What all has the actor who played in the movie "Knights of the Roundtable: King Arthur" been in?
Who is the governor of the place that has an official symbol for equal rights?
What person who influenced Jackson Pollock's work died on 25 October 1881?
What did Hal Gausman decorate that starred Kim Richards?
What team with arena stadium Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome did Payton Manning's dad play for?
What Kim Richards work had the story written by Alexander Key?
Which country that is the subject spoken about by speaker, Alexander Mintz speaks Germanic languages?
What is the type of the government used in the country where Goldstar Beer is made?
What country neighboring France is the nation where Waldenburg is a second level division?
Which of the trading partners of China exports to Vietnam?
Of the countries that land in eastern Europe, which includes the Tsarevo municipality?
What Logan Lerman movie was produced by TSG Entertainment?
Whaich state has a government with a title of "whip" and has the Missouri river corssing through it?
What contributor to the story of the movie "The House of Mirth" inspired F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Who was the earliest influence on Jackson Pollock's work?
In which US city did the artist which recorded Freedom Dub got shot?
What movie starring Adam Sandler that was released on 11-27-2002?
In which country is the calling code 240, and the people speak Portuguese?
What is the name of the event that ended after 6-4-1940 in Dunkirk?
What other languages are spoken in the country where Rapa Nui is spoken?
Which class of government, does the location where the breed Ga Noi originated at have currently?
In what country, which is the site of Mayagüez, is Kentucky located?
Who dated Tupac Shakur and was nominated in the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards?
Who is the founder of New York University who died in Astoria?
What movie was Miley Cyrus in that debuted at the 2009 Mar del Plata International Film Festival?
What is there to do in downtown Sacramento, where there is an organization headquarters, located in the city of Sacramento County?
What is the national currency of the jurisdiction led by teh Acting President of the Dominican Republic?
Which of Kim Richards' films was released earliest?
The actor that was in the movie, Through the Mirror, children's names?
Which of the combattants in the Battle of Vicksburg died as a result of esophageal cancer?
What nation to which Japan exports has a standing army of 104000 people?
What animated movies has Miley Cyrus been in?
What school founded before 1887 did JRR Tolkien attend?
What magazine did the person who said "mournful and never-ending remembrance" work at?
Who inspired Scott Fitzgerald and was burned in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome?
What movies were directed by the person award nominated for "Lara Croft: Tomb Raider"?
What language is spoken in the region where the Les cayes Arrondissement second level division is located?
What nations in Eastern Europe have a standing army of fewer than 75000 people?
What was the name of the vice president under the actor who played in "Recognition of the Japanese Zero Fighter?"?
Which movie did Miley Cyrus appear in and got a nomination for "the entire cast"?
What event happened in Fukushima?
What film feature both Kevin Costner and Taylor Lautner as actors?
At what event that ended first did the dastardly, no-good Baltimore Ravens unfortunately win the Super Bowl?
What did the actor that played the character Dinger Holfield die of?
What university did Harry S. Truman attend, and is the university that has number of smallest postgraduates?
Whence did the actor who played in the film "Digital Death/Buy Life" come?
What language is spoken in Netherlands and Belgium?
Where was the writer of the lyrics "Unwanted" born?
What popular sport in Spain has a sports team that was founded in 1913?
What location is the home of Jason Statham?
Which of the movies Ron Howard directed has the smallest netflix_id?
What is the name of the wife of the person who said "Who is rich? He that rejoices in his portion?"?
Who are the brothers of the author who wrote "Profiles in Courage"?
Which Taylor Lautner movie debuted at the 2011 Rome Film Festival?
What college attended by Charles Drew has the Earliest organization founding date?
What are the official languages in the country of origin for Ridna Marka Pshenychne Weissbier Etalon beer?
Who was serving as Ohio governor during the year 2011 and ended their previous position after 2001-01-03?
Who was the President of the United States during the WW2 that died the earliest?
To which party based on the idealogy of the Third Way did Andrew Jackson belong?
What structure where the Houston Rockets play basketball opened the earliest?
Of the popular sports in Spain, which sports team was founded most recently?
What city has co2 emissions of 0.111011211 and is home to Lala Anthony?
What language is spoken in the Dominican Republic?
What was the magazine with a 1839 editorial tnure that Edgar Allan Poe worked for?
What Ron Howard movie featured Walter Murch as a crew member?
Of the seven countries comprising Central America, which has the largest ISO numeric?
Which of the battles in which France has been involved had more than 2 casualties?
What actors dated the artist nominated for an award in the Perfect score?
Which Fantasy movies did Adam Sandler star in?
What currency is used in the country where the Peruvian Inti is used?
What movie was directed by an artist nominated for an award for Taking Lives?
Which college with an undergraduate population smaller than 9381 was attended by Harry S Truman?
Which school attended by Eleanor Roosevelt has the largest number of undergraduates?
What is the name of the place near the Grand Canyon where a person with a height of 1.78 was born?
Which of the countries in the Caribbean has the smallest country calling code?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie and edited by William Goldenberg?
Which current TV producer played Barney?
Which peer of Paul Verlaine inspired monet?
What movie starring Adam Sandler that is categorized as cartoon pornography?
Which location is the country of birth for Steve Nash and also serves as the setting for How She move?
What Ron Howard movie has a tv program episode run time less than 95?
Of China's main trading partners, which has the largest country calling code?
What film was Kim Richards in that had Dane A. Davis as a crew member?
The Governor of Illinois operates in a state that follows what time zone?
What city in the Grand Canyon State that "The Monkees on Tour" was filmed in?
Which person who dated Scarlett Johansson ended a romantic relationship most recently?
What movie was directed by Vincente Minnelli and was also worked on by Ron Howard?
What Mark Cuban produced Movie was Charlie Hunnam in?
What genre of music favored by Claude Debussy appears in the movie Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse?
What site that you can see near the Grand Canyon contains the neighborhood known as East Side?
Where the currency, Ukrainian karbovanets, are used, what is the official language?
What is there to do or see in Vienna, Austria with a venue capacity larger than 2100?
In what city did the person that said  "Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others." grow up?
What trade partner of Turkey also exports to Greece?
What currency is used where Otro Mundo Golden Ale beer is produced?
In which city did both Lauren Conrad and the fictional character Mr. Wong live?
Which school attended by James Baldwin was founded after 1897?
Who identified with Anglicanism and inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
Which stadium with a capacity less than 41159 is home to the Chicago Cubs?
In 1948. who was the leader of the place that created the Moscow Watchdog breed?
What form of currency is used in the country where the Tsakhur language is spoken?
What time is it in Texas at the Tulsa International Airport?
How did Franz Liszt earn a living after stepping down from leading a religious organization in 1805?
find the city that was once home to both lauren Conrad and fictitious character Piper Halliwell?
Where should I visit in Hollywood, CA this weekend where the venue capacity is larger than 1152?
What did Martin Luther do where he stopped leading a religious organization earlier than 27 March 1993?
Which university has 2331 undergraduate students, and was attend by Jennifer Hudson?
Which World Series was the first won by the Dodgers?
What kind of money does the place where the position title of the President of Argentina is held use?
Of the movies featuring Logan Lerman, which film has the smallest netflix_id?
What is there to do in Laughlin, NV that has a venue capacity of 800?
Who was the literary role model for the "Not Without Laughter (Thrift Edition)" piece poet?
Which Senator of the United States was Governor of Ohio in 2011?
What langauges are spoken in the country where Cerveza Colonos Del Llanquihue Lager Premium Artesanal beer is produced?
Which city with the GNIS feature ID greater than 597040 does Lala Anthony live in?
What shows feature Tamera Mowry and have only one season?
Where does the body of water under Kineshma Bridge originate?
What high school did the artist who recorded "Girl Tonight" attend?
What economy is in use where Chuvash is spoken?
What political party does the Undersecretary belong to?
What political experience did the person, who was dedicated to his/her work, have?
What time zone is the neighborhood Oakwood-Vaughan located in?
What building in Vienna, Austria has 50 floors?
What language is spoken in the Dominican Republic with initials hat?
Where is the end of the river that originates in Shannon Pot?
Which movie did Adam Sandler star in when Willie D. Burton was a crew member?
What venue has a maximum capacity of 41159 and is home to the Chicago cubs?
What is the name of the God in Catholicism and also the public speaker who spoke about sin?
What religion, popular in the United States, appears in the film, "First Class Discipleship"?
What film featured Taylor Swift and was directed by Deborah Aquila?
Where did Kevin Hart go to school and which organisation was founded most recently.?
Who produced the movie "Welcome to Me" and also voiced the character for Lola Bunny?
What movie involving Toonexplainers that Ron Howard worked on?
What male actor plays in the same movie that Amber Baldinelli played in?
For what magazine did Edgar Allan Poe hold editorial tenure before February 1841?
What type of music did the author of "Syrinx" play?
Where did Lauren Conrad live that was also the birthplace of a return specialist position football player?
What city was the composer of Can I Live Raised in?
What is money called where the Federal Government of Brazil is located?
What university is located in West Lafayette and is Drew Brees Almamater?
Who wrote the film Orion's Belt and also played Dumbledor in the Harry Potter series?
What is the modern version of the language where the government named the Government of Egypt located?
What Indonesian spoken language is also the language of the fictional universe Buffyverse?
What country that people speak Portuguese and Yue Chinese?
What type of Claude Debussy music appears in the film, "Black Tights"?
Which type of music was featured in the album Nightingale and was composed by Mozart?
What kind of money do they use in the country where Chechen Language is spoken?
What female dated the composer of Still Ballin?
What college with postgraduate count 11756 did Russell Wilson go to?
What structure in Hollywood CA is open the latest that you can do this weekend?
What Ron Howard films were directed by Charles B Griffith?
What type of music was created by Claude Bebussy and in the Album Epica?
Who is portraying hawkeye in the movie that Jerry Lee Tucker was in?
What main actress is in the movie that Philip Matila acted in?
What was the inspiration behind the person who wrote the lyrics to "Street Scene: Lullaby" to began writing poetry?
What currency is used in the country where "La hora de la siesta" is set?
What school did Kevin Hart attend that was founded after 1884?
Who is the music producer for Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z... name in juice?
What publisher of the periodical journal, "Annals of Mathematics," boasts President Kennedy as an alumnus?
Which David Blocker-produced movies did Taylor Swift appear in?
Which character voiced by Seth MacFarlane was born in Thundera?
What North Germanic language does the Denmark language belong to?
What currency is used in the country where Cervecera del Sur del Peru Cusquena beer is produced?
What movie featured set decorations by Gary Fettis and starred Adam Sandler?
Which movies from the United States featured the actor Taylor Lautner?
What college, founded on 24 February 1893, did Paul Ryan attend?
Who is the celebrity who once dated Brad Pitt and ended a romance in 1988?
Which Oceanic country's GDP has a change rate of -0.61?
What US President during that WW2 that spoke about attack on Pearl Harbor?
Martin Luther held which profession and continued doing so until the year 1805?
In the film "Fela Kuti: Teacher Don't Teach Me Nonsense" what are instruments that the actor plays?
What is the tourist attraction near the Grand Canyon where a football running back was born?
In what Kim Richards movie did Genevieve Tyrrell design the costumes?
Which movies featured Taylor swift and music by John Debney?
What is the name of the instrument invented by Adolphe Sax and played by Fela Kuti?
What are the movies that Adam Sandler played in that also involves organization toonexplainers?
What kind of money would I spend in the country that spoke Domari in 2013?
This reservoir-type lake offers many fun things to do in Sacramento, California.?
What is the locale of Whistler Mountain and the place Legends of the Fall was shot?
What degree is held by the author of "The Audacity of Hope?"?
What tv show with a run time of less than 30 does Tamera Mowry play in?
In the area where the Canchim breed originated, what is the political system in place?
Who influenced Jackson Pollock and Yves Saint Laurent?
Which founder of New York University ended his/her government position latest?
What show with a tv program "tvrage_id" of 18839 does Tamera Mowry play on?
Who is the governor of the State where the United States Bankruptcy Court, District of Arizona 2009 is located?
Who played in a movie that included a young Ray O Hardesty as a crew membner?
Which philosophical text is the sacred text of daoism?
Which university attended by Charles Drew has the smallest number of postgraduates?
What is the national Anthem of the Country where the newspaper Zhivoye Dyelo is circulated?
What countries in Eastern Europe were involved in the military conflict of the Charge at Krojanty?
What inspired Scott Fitzgerald and was also influenced by Mark Twain?
What Caribbean country has a GDP eflator change rate of 2.32?
Who knows the type of currency used in the home of the Dogo Cubano breed?
What language is spoken in the location containing the second level division Choapa Province?
The film that had a crew member named Stuart Gavert, who played Jacob Black?
What is the city where the speaker in March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom was shot?
What is the guitar preference for the lyricist who wrote "Pen Cap Chew?"?
In a fantastic movie about the Boy who Lived, featuring David Brett, who played Dumbledore?
What provided inspiration for Monet and who authored L' art pour tous?
What type of judicial system is used in the place where the Ayrault Goverment can be found?
Which country did Paul von Hindenburg's political appointee control?
Which US President during the WW2 who was also a State Senator?
What currency is used in the country that has the newspaper L'Italiano?
Which 13-episode TV program does Tamera Mowry play in?
On which continent does the governmental jurisdiction known as the Senate of the Bahamas exist?
The river that originates from Lake Itasca, where does it end?
Who was 2009 governor of Arizona and had title of Secretary of State of Arizona previously?
Which of the main trading partners of China has a country calling code greater than 967?
What country bordering Germany has Allerød Municipality as a second level division?
In which timezone is the Overlook Hotel?
Find the lead actor in Echelon, where do they live?
What did Franz Liszt do for a living until 1849?
Which war that France was part of had a low estimate of 1 casualty?
Where is the birthplace of the politician that was appointed to their governmental position via Continental Congress born?
What sports facility is used by both Houston Rockets and Aeros?
Who was the Ohio Governor in 2011 who was a Christian?
Find the name of the person who wrote the  song Dive In, where did they attend high school?
What is the official flower of the place with an official symbol of Nene?
Which Australian capital houses the County Court of Victoria?
what does the individual that said "Yes we can!" have a degree in?
In the movie that Krys Hyatt acted in, who played the character of Jacob Black?
Organization founder and office holder Carlos P. Romulo has headquarters of his governmental office where?
What kennedy was is a member of the Order of the British Empire?
For Which of France's wars was Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig the military commander?
What are the movies starring Adam Sandler that involved National Film Board of Cananda?
Name the Super Bowl in which the New York Giants defeated the Buffalo Bills for the championship.?
The Gouden Reael neighborhood is in which country?
Who was JFK's brother who as buried on 8-29-2009?
What animated Walt Disney film featured the voice of Miley Cyrus?
Which Germanic speaking country is home to the airline V Bird?
What is the name of the actor that played the character Fujimoto in Star Wars?
What magazine, published in 1841, once employed Edgar Allen Poe?
Which form of government did Prussia have and Japan has now?
What office position is currently held by Patrick McDonald and was once held by Abraham Lincoln?
Which West Germanic language did the Jewish people speak?
What discovery did the scientist and academic advisor of Charles Glover Barkla make?
Who knows which body of water flows under Saratov Bridge?
What college, which had 5,157 postgraduates, did Harry S. Truman attend?
What politician held their governmental position since 1933-03-05 and was President of the United States during World War II?
Who is the prime minister of the country where Kambaata people live?
What tourist attraction in Vienna Austria has the largest venue capacity?
What movies debuted at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2004 that were made by Ron Howard?
What attractions in Vienna, Austria have a capacity of less than 4900?
What time zone do parts of Texas and Strathmore (D. J. Murray) Airport share?
What is the name of Andrew Jackson's party that its ideology is based on Populism?
Which United States president held his government position until March 17, 1913 and was president during World War II?
Find the person referred to as Reich Governor during WWII, what happened to this person at the end of the war?
In which city did the producer of Gravest Hits die?
What character was played by both Josh Pence and Armie Hammer?
Which nominee at the 37th Tony Awards also inspired Scott Fitzgerald?
Which language, one of the Finno-Ugric family of languages, is the official language of the Ukraine?
Which college with an undergraduate population of less than 29118 did Russell Wilson attend?
Which countries in the Caribbean use the Euro?
What movies did the famous person who lived in Marin City starred in?
Jarl Mohn is a leader in the organization with what radio station in NYC?
What form of goverment is used by the country who has Ovadia Yosef as a religious leader?
Where is the country that has Africa Proconsularis centered?
Which type of money should I bring to the country, that includes the Trelawny Parish?
What religion in the United States includes Stupa as a place of worship?
What country with the GDP Real Adjusted Value once of 100236410771.0 do people speak Portuguese?
What are the spoken languages of the country with national anthem Valiant Quisqueuans?
The country that contains Guna Yala is controlled by whom?
What is the official language of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate?
Who founded New York University that had his government position form 3-4-1795?
What type of institution has a grad student named Terry Guthrie?
The people from the country with the currency used Thai Baht speak what language?
What held his governmental position from latest and was the president of the United States during WWII?
What currency does the country where Rome is have?
Who with Stuttering condition did Darth Vader's voice?
What other years did the champion of the 2012 World Series won the World Series?
Where does the team head coached by Kevin McHale play basketball?
The performer who went on a concert tour called Believe Tour plays which musical instruments?
What is the kind of money that one would use in the nation whose currency is the Cuban peso?
People from the country that contains Cherkasy Oblast speak what official language?
Where did Charles Drew attend college, where the education institution has a sports team titled, the Columbia Lions men's basketball team?
In what year did the 2001 AFC Championship Game winners win the Super Bowl?
Where is the capital City of Brussels located at?
What country in the Caribbean has the capital of Marigot?
What country contains Kentucky and Puerto Rico?
Who is a main trading partner of China and has Khartoum as its capital?
What is the modern language in the place where Adly Mansour is in a post in the government?
What television series did Miley Cyrus been in with 0 season?
What language is spoken in the country that contains the Tarapacá Region?
Which Superbowl was won by the 2001 AFC champions?
What major US religion has a religious organization named Army of the Lord?
What is the headquarters of the organization led by Norio Ohga?
What country had the city which hosted the 1928 Summer Olympics?
In which time zone is the US state with the capital of Lansing?
What educational institution with the Wunderground newspaper did Tennessee Williams go to?
Which caribbean countries use Eastern Caribbean Time Zone?
In what years did the 1974 NBA Finals winners win other Championships?
What is the location of the headquarters of the organization whose leadership includes Nobuyuki Idei?
The team that won the 1908 World Series Championship played where?
What form of currency was used in the place where Nicolas Sarkozy was governor before the Euro was established?
What team that won the 1957 Pequeña Copa del Mundo de Clubes championship did Messi play for?
Who played "1st Mechanic" in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
What is the name of the organization that Ed Woodward is a member of?
What religion does Chief Rabbinate of Israel belong to?
What country in the United Kingdom has Cardiff as its capital?
When did the champion of the 2012 World Series win the World Series?
What is the occupation of the artist that went on To Be Loved Tour?
Anwar Sadat was appointed to governmental poisition in 2013 in the country with what currency?
Who held his governmental position from 1998 and was the Governor of Arizona in 2009?
Which educational institution has the mascot Thundar?
What year did the organization ran by Larry Baer win the World Series?
What country in the Caribbean appointed Elizabeth II to a governmental position?
The Holy Quran is the religious text of which religion that is observed in Afghanistan?
What group to which Aubrey O'Day belongs is the artist who had a concert tour called No Filter Tour?
The country that has the national anthem Shche ne vmerla Ukraina has what official language?
Which religion is the primary one practiced in Indonesia and has Jersulam as the location of a sacred site?
In which other years has the baseball club that gained victory in the 1959 World Series won the World Series?
Which countries located on the Caribbean Sea once had CO2 emissions per capita of 1960 metric tons?
What is the sacred text of the Tao Te Ching religion?
Where is Kentucky located that contains the Virgin Islands?
What college with mascot Klawz is in Greeley Colorado?
What south American country do people speak Portuguese is home to the capital  city of Brasilia?
What country bordering France uses the Swiss franc as currency?
In the film with the character Tyler Crowley who plays Jacob Black?
Where did the author of "The Catcher in the Rye" die?
What ancient Roman language was featured in the Sangre Latina album?
Of the seven countries making up Central America, which countries have an ISO numeric larger than 188?
Which school attended by James Baldwin is the university with the highest number of undergraduates enrolled?
Where does Lala Anthony live where the population is the smallest?
Where did J.R.R. Tolkien go to school that has headquarters in Citytown, Birmingham?
What did Charlie Hunnam act in that had costumes designed by Ruth Myers?
What is there to see and do in the place where there is a governmental office holder named Anton Buttigieg?
What college in Greeley, Colorado that has number of undergraduates less than 5308?
Who portrayed Vito Corleone and asked "You talkin' to me?"?
Where is the state that held the United States Senate election in Kentucky in 2008 located?
What is the currency for the country where Al Ahram Beverages Co. Stella beer is made?
Who plays Hawkeye in the movie featured in the image "The-Avengers-Poster.jpg"?
What is there to see and do, at the location, where the Pharaoh Hound breed originated at?
What movie with music by Hans Zimmer does logan lerman play in?
What stadium was opened before 1997 and is home ot the Chicago Cubs?
What's the sacred text of the religion ,of which Laozi, is a founding figure?
What region make up the united kingdom that has internet top level domain of gb?
What was the first novel to be written by author who wrote the lyrics for "That very wise man, Old Aesop"?
Which geographical feature is near Whistler Mountain?
What magazine did the author of The Fall of the House of Usher work for?
Who fought in the battle of Vicksburg, that died on July, 23,1885?
What currency is used in the governmental jurisdiction where the government includes a body called Council of States?
Which movies did Adam Sandler act in, that was his earliest released?
Of which political party, does the person that stated, "A good GI bill would increase the recruit pool." represent?
What college attended by Charles Drew is headquartered in Upper Manhattan?
What US president during world war 2 was said to be influenced by Henry George?
What is the birthplace of the lyracist for "Stop Standing There?"?
Which state or province is at the location at which the newspaper, Now, is circulated?
Where in Orange County did Lauren Conrad live?
Who was President of the United States during the time period depicted in "The Day Will Dawn?"?
What city with a GNIS feature ID of 44784 is near the Grand Canyon?
What state does the Colorado River run through that has a governmental jurisdiction location symbol adapted the earliest?
In the location where the film "fight for survival" is located, what is the timezone?
What school Kevin Hart attended is the university with the largest number of undergraduates?
Where did the recording artist for "Suit & Tie" grow up?
What is the last movie recorded by Faster Kill Pussycat (club mix)?
What movies is from the country of Germany and was directed by Ron Howard?
Which Superbowl prior to 2-3-2013 did The Baltimore Ravens won?
Which movie did Ron Howard produce for which Eytan Mirsky was a crew member?
What's the name of one of JFK 's brothers. and is also the politician that held his/her government position until 1964?
Where is the birthplace of the subject of the film "We Fight to be Free"?
Which movies released prior to 1978 feature Kim Richards?
Whereabouts was the writer of "Poor Richard's Almanac of 1735" brought up?
Who was JFK's brother who died in Los Angeles?
What currency is used where Artur da Costa e Silva is from?
Where would you find the governmental jurisdiction where the government has a position entitled Governor of Kentucky?
Of the 7 countries in Central America, which consider Spanish an official language?
What is the capital city of the location where the South Korean hwan is used as currency?
What is the place of death for the subject of the movie "The Miracle Worker?"?
What is the home county of the person who said "Few people have the virtue to withstand the highest bidder?"?
The person who said, "In this Revolution no plans have been written for retreat," where was he shot?
What is the name of the sports arena in Miller Park?
In which province, is the location that has a governmental body, with the name, Montreal City Council located?
What movie was displayed at the 2012 refugee film festival and had Angelia Jolie directing it?
What movie did Ron Howard do that was produced by Walt Disney?
What continent does the country that uses West Germanic languages located in?
Which of Shirley Temple's children was born in Washington, D.C.?
What governor of Arizona in 2009 is a politician who ended their governmental position prior to 21 January 2009?
Who is in control of the governmental jurisdiction that has office holder named Arturo Vallarino?
What languages are spoken where Saami, Lule Language is spoken?
In which city was the artist award nominated for, Here’s To Never Growing Up, born?
What body of water with a surface area of 46.336506 is in Downtown Sacramento?
Of the regions making up the United Kingdom, which is the birthplace of Anne Krassilowsky?
What is the national flower of the state where there is a Hawaii House of Representatives?
Where did Tennessee Williams go to college with the number of undergraduates less than 23,799?
At the location in which the fictional character Tutankhamun lived, what is money called?
Where did the subject of the movie "The Boy King" get a doctorate?
What movies has Miley Cyrus been in released before May 1, 2014?
What is the currency of the jurisdiction that has a governmental office holder named Juan Carlos Ongania?
to what political party did the subject of the movie "Andrew Jackson : Good, Evil and the Presidency" belong?
What work does the artist who recorded "Soda Pop" do?
What movie produced by Mario Iscovich did Kim Richards play in?
What movie was Logan Leran in that was written by Elmore Leonard?
What are the countries bordering Germany that have the smallest calling code?
Which film in which Miley Cyrus appeared is the prequel to "School Musical 3: Senior Year?"?
What wars has the government that rules over France been part of?
What country with a neighborhood called Al Barsha is a main trader with China?
What city did the primary focus of the image "John Muir Cane" die in?
Which war has France been involved in, where one of the combatants was Germany?
What's the subject of the film Beyonce: Life on Stage 's, daughters name?
What is the most recent movie directed by Angelina Jolie?
What country was the birthplace of Peter Cowie and is included in the United Kingdom?
What body of water with a surface of 658.0 is there to visit near the Grand Canyon?
Who said "There is no coming to consciousness without pain" and influence Jackson Pollock's work?
In what country is Portuguese spoken where Pinhalzinho, Santa Catarina is a second level division?
What was the name of the executive producer of "Take Me Home Tonight" who dated Scarlett Johansson?
When the actor who played in the film "the lost symbol", who won their first oscar?
What language spoken in Haiti is spoken more prevalently in Puerto Rico?
What languages does the place that has the Supreme Court of Chile speak?
What is the form of government in the country after 1979 and is where Afshar is spoken?
Which area to which the Dominican Republic belongs hosted the 2014 FINA Men's Water Polo World League?
What language is spoken in the country with government holder Francisco Gregorio Billini?
What the the title of the national athem for the nation that has the coat of arms of Russia as a symbol?
What country has the government official named Manuel Altagracia Cáceres?
What was the cause of death for the nominee for Sammy and Company?
Where is the location, that has a governmental office holder with the name, Elio Di Rupo at?
What 2009 governor of Arizona is also a member of the Democratic Party?
What kind of government does the place that has the Islamic Consultative Assembly after 1979?
What are the languages spoken in the second level division of Easter Island?
Which religions are practiced in the region where the President of Afghanistan is located?
Of all the countries in Oceania, which one has an official symbol of an Illawarra Flame Tree?
Which of the schools Eleanor Roosevelt attended is the university with the fewest postgraduates?
Also the fictional universe of The Sacred Band of Stepsons universe, what does the Missouri River bisect?
Which country which an army size of 100,000 is a main trader with China?
Of the Angelina Jolie movies she directed, in which movie where the costumes designed by, Louise Frogley?
In what films has the actor from " Rock Mafia Presents: The Big Bang" appeared?
Which country has the internet domain of ad and shares borders with France?
What movies released after November 27, 2002 did Adam Sandler play in?
Who was president of the US during WW2 and is political appointer that had title Governor-General of the Philippines?
What is the native language of Jewish people?
The newspaper Zerkalo Nedeli is circulated in an area that has what as the official language?
Who was the governor of the areas affected by Tropical Storm Norma in 2009?
What is the college that was founded before 1821 which Charles Drew attended?
In the area where the First Valls Government legislative session was held, what is the government type?
What is the book title that was written by the politician with the title Member of President's Advisory Council on Financial Literacy?
What actress produced The Secret Life of Bees and once dated Tupac?
Which venue, with a max capacity of 16,285, do the Houston Rockets play at?
What was the name of the JFK's brother who held a position in the 108th United States Congress?
What type of books were written by the author who published editions for "The Labours of Hercules"?
What is the name of the U.S. time zone in which the film "Capitalism: A Love Story" took place?
How did the artist who was nominated for an award for "The Candy Man" die?
Lala Anthony lives in the Lefcourt National Building. Where is that located?
What government office did Augustus Caesar and Theodosius I held?
What movies, directed by Pual Groesse, did Ron Howard do?
What movie featuring Taylor Lautner was edited by Jim Clark?
How did the composer of "Canzone, S. 162 no. 2" earn a living?
Which stadium serves as the home field for the Chicago Cubs and has the smallest capacity?
Who said "A taste for simplicity cannot endure for long." and inspired Monet?
Who is the daughter of the nominee of the Billboard Music Hot 100 Award for Most Weeks?
What languages are spoken in the country of origin for the Molossus breed?
What is the official currency of the nation where the Cypriot pound is used?
Which of the schools attended by James Baldwin has the largest number of post graduate students?
Which periodical published since 1837 did Edgar Allan Poe work for?
What instruments are played by the composer of Sorrow Tears and Blood?
Which place that houses the Chicago Cubs opened most recently?
What was Franz Liszt's earliest job that led to leading a religious organization?
Which member of the  Democratic-Republican Party is a founder of New York University?
Which actor who portrayed Vito Corleone had a romantic relationship that ended earliest?
Which languages is used in the area with the second level division of Laeso Municipality?
What tv show features Tamera Mowry and has a program "thetvdb_id" lower than 75171?
What is the currency of the country where the Domari Language is spoken called?
What war was France involved in where the force size was 16,544?
On which continent was the location of the movie "Holiday in the Sun?"?
Which baseball player did Scarlet Johansson date?
Which college was Charles Drew's almamater and also publishes Jester of Columbia?
Where did the nominee for The Blueprint 3 grow up?
What is the birthplace of the Radio Disney Music Award for Best Song to Air Guitar nominee?
Did Charles Drew go to the same college where the Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center is located?
Who is the current governor of the governmental jurisdiction that included a governmental body called the 2010 Arizona Senate?
What currency was used prior to the Euro in the country where the legislative session of the Ayrault Government was held?
What US State with 1005163 as total population does the Missouri river bisect?
Who is the subject of the flim The Greatest Story Never Told: Michael Bublé?
What school did the author of the lyrics for "Elessar's oath" attend?
The Unmol originated in and has the largest population in which country?
Of the 7 countries in Central America, which has an ISO smaller than 188?
What college attended by Harry S Truman has fewer than 5358 post graduate students?
What religion, practiced in Indonesia, has the diety Telangana Talli?
What university has had 6775 undergraduates including Eleanor Roosevelt?
What University attended by President Kennedy also publishes the periodical journal Princeton Tiger Magazine?
Where did Charles Drew, who wrote "The Loft Years" go to college?
What movie directed by Angelina Jolie was nominated for an award with USA in the title?
Who was the 32nd president of the US who presided over WW2?
Find the location of a neighborhood called Harbourfront, what time zone is it in?
What movie features music by Gabriel Yared and was directed by Angelina Jolie?
Which racing team is sponsored by Office Depot?
What is the political system in the country that has the airline V Bird?
Which country has an army of 101000 and is connected to France?
Which composer scored Edward Scissorhands and provided the voice for movie character Jack Skellington?
Which currency should be used at the place where the breed called Egyptian Mau originated from in 2013?
What actors and actresses were in the TV show that had the theme song called "I Love You"?
Whic movie directed by Ron Howard was featured in the Spanish language?
What movies, written by Gloria Katz, did Ron Howard do?
Which of the Twilight Saga movies has Taylor Lautner been in?
Taylor Lautner stars is which movie that incluedes the music of Edward Shearmur?
Which of Scarlett Johansson's boyfriends was a Vegetarian?
What movie starred Taylor Lautner and had costume design done by Nina Proctor?
What college with organization headquarters located in New York City did James Baldwin attend?
What Government position holder fought in the battle of Vicksburg?
What happened in Dunkirk during WW2 involving Gerd Von Rundstet?
Where is Whistler Mountain and the governmental body of Parliment of Canada located?
Where is Whistler Mountain located that was featured in the work "Blood Brother"?
What politician held an office between 1872-1911 and fought in the Battle of Vicksburg?
Paul Ryan is owner of radio station WAMU and which college did he attend?
Where are both Belgium and Kallaktjåkkå located?
In what timezone is the State that held the 2010 Colorado United States Senate race?
What tv show episode runs for 30 minutes and features Tamera Mowry?
Who was the real Erin Brockovich featured in the Michael Renault Mageau movie?
Where do the Houston Rockets play basketball and which structure was opened most recently.?
Which college attended by Kevin Hart has less than 9153 postgraduates?
Who played Dorothy in the film George G. Schneider worked on?
What is there to see and do in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called Government of Malta?
Where does the river that flows through Volgograd start?
Which Composer voices Jack Skellington?
What controls the second level division Kuna de Madugandi?
What USA timezone has a utc offset of -6.0?
What county is the neighborhood of Stonehaven located in?
What monetary currency that is used in the country where Romansh language is used?
What Ron Howard movie that was filmed in New York?
Out of the countries with a ISO numeric greater than 008, who is turkey trade partners with?
What type of money is used in the jurisdiction that has a governmental position titled Vice President of Argentina?
Who was the leader of the Government of the Soviet Union in 1948?
The "Jade Emperor" deity is found in what sacred text(s)?
What magazine did Edgar Allen Poe work for that started publishing most recently?
What timezones are the Michigan Supreme Courts in?
Which country with a population of 10019610 speaks Portuguese?
What was the latest film starring Tupac to be released?
Which language is spoken by the people living in the land pictured in Nllarge.gif?
What is the title of the book written by solder in the Texas Air National Guard?
Which brother of JFK spoke about assassination of Martin Luther King Jr?
What is the birthplace and childhood home of the person who wrote the lyrics to "Ticks"?
What United States Presidents who served during WWII ended their governmental position after 18 January 1940?
What university did the artist famous for creating Go All Night attend?
What is the name of the place that was home to the 2005 Animation Block Party and the home of Lala Anthony?
Which German-speaking country's calling code is 32?
What language is spoken in the country that circulates a newspaper called Manager Daily?
What amusement park is located in California with a ride called House of Horrors?
The song "Freedom Run" was written by which songwriter?
What war did France participate in where it's fighting force was the smallest?
What film in the same genre as The True Story of The Three Little Pigs starred Adam Sandler?
What inspired the artist who created the Houses of Parliament series?
What type of economy is in place in the area under the Government of the Soviet Union?
What movies was the actor who was nominated for the Funny People Award have a role in?
Which United States President was in office while the country was at war with Taiwan?
Who plays both Dumbledore in the Harry Potter movies and Opaz?
What language is used in the governmental jurisdiction that has a governmental body called Ministry General Secretariat?
Which timezone is the San Francisco airport in?
What currency is used in the jurisdiction where the Cabinet of Peru is located?
The country with the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine speaks which languages?
What movie starring Taylor Lautner was released and distributed by medium DVD?
What language is used in the place that is home to Tutankhamun?
What movie written by Ethan Coen was directed by Angelina Jolie?
What happened in Dunkirk during WWII that ended on 05/08/1945?
What movie was decorated by Antonio Mateos and made by Ron Howard?
What country shared the borders with France that has the official symbol as Coat of Arms?
Which university, with 5069 undergraduate students, did President Kennedy attend?
The film Nucingen House was filmed in a location which includes which three native languages?
What television show did Tamera Mowry starred in that has episode running time of 22?
What languages are spoken where Tropical Storm Alpha hit?
What movies are the ones that Albert Breen production designed and that Taylor Lautner played in?
What is the name of currency in the place where Fila Brasileiro originated?
Who was an actor in the film that Christopher Lee Foster was a crew member of as a kid?
Who played Dumbledore in the film that contained Daniel Brunet in the crew?
Find the place where Nynorsk is spoken, what other languages are spoken there?
What does the author of Dreams from my Father have a degree in?
Which countries that speak Portuguese, have the largest calling code?
What movie, written by Katerine Fugate, featured Taylor Swift?
What is the form of money used in the country where Cypriot Maronite Arabic is spoken?
In which state did the fictional character Gifoyle live?
What Taylor Swift movies were produced by Walt Disney Pictures?
What languages are spoken where Haitian Creole is spoken?
What religion practiced in Indonesia also has Huldrych Zwingli as a founding figure?
What German movie has Charlie Hunnam been in?
What school to Jennifer Hudson go to with where the organization had a founding date of 03/12/1897?
At which school did the President that said, "Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names" attend?
Which WW2-era USA president once said "I would rather have peace in the world than be President."?
What sports facility is home to both the Houston Astros and Houston hotshots?
What prophet to Catholics call God?
Who did William Howard Taft dedicate his work to and where did they attend college?
What artist recorded Elf's Lament?
When prior to October 30, 2014 did the Giants win the world series?
What is the name of the sports team that owns Old Trafford Stadium?
Who served as Vice-President under the political appointee who held the title U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia?
Who dated the nominee for the Venice Film Festival Upstream Prize for Best Actress?
Which movie was produced by Neal L. Moritz where Tupac acted in?
What tv show starring tamera mowry has the shortest running time?
What popular Sports Team in Spain was founded in 1930?
What is the type of government practiced in the country where the Israeli Lira is used?
What event with less than 30,000 casualties happened at Dunkirk in WW2?
North America is where Bahamas Creole English Language is spoken belong to.?
Find the country with the ISO number of 736 that that imports from Japan, what is the name of the country?
Who were the award nominees for the 2003 Boston Society of Film Critics Awards?
